{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 review_text\
Amazing Italian food in downtown Toronto with a super cool aesthetic vibe. Rooftop patio is gorgeous if you can snag a spot.\
This place is still popular after all these years. Yea, definitely need a reso here or be happy to wait.<br><br>It&#39;s a lot of space. Two floors and a patio. <br><br>People everywhere doing things to keep this place in motion. As soon as you are done your food someone is there to take away the plate. Bussers are fast. <br><br>Although the apologized for the slow prep of our food. Took forever because the kitchen was busy. It also felt like they were rushing us through each course to get the next table in. It truly felt that way. Really bothered me.<br>Table of four can&#39;t shovel food in very fast if the food took almost 30 minutes.<br><br>The bathroom not my favourite .... I understand industrial but it sure was really rough in the bathroom stall. The washing station was fine but oh, boy the stalls not my favourite.<br><br>Would I go here again for the food... maybe? I just didn&#39;t like how our server made us feel. \'a0I was happy with my dishes so not a slam for the kitchen but customer service was not what I thought it would be.\
This place is a gem. The whole anbience is so warm and welcoming. A great hangout spot and the food is on point !<br><br>Must try the fungi pasta !\
Bad service, servers are non stop using their phones on the floor, don&#39;t even pay attention on customers. <br>Not recommend!\
To sad that we traveled from California first time in Canada and based in reviews we chose to come to this restaurant, \'a0so we call in and they said there is no waiting time you will be seated in 5 minutes because was after 1:00 pm ( not super busy ).<br><br>We pay $20 ( USA ) \'a0in the corner parking lot. we walked half a block and and the host told me that she didn&#39;t have a table for 5, I looked around, and there were tables and spaces open on the bar table, so I ask her how long will be the waiting time she said 20 to 30 minutes and I said ok we will wait. <br><br>She ask me for my phone number and name and here we go, grups are going \'a0in and out of the restaurant is as a matter of fact a lady ask us are you guys wanting for a table because we were outside of the restaurant on the bench and I said yes I think you have to do a reservation she said nope we don&#39;t have one we just walk in we are 5 as well and in front of as more groups when in.<br><br>I walk in to ask if they have a table for us ( after 30 minutes), and she said nope you guys need to wait other 20 minutes. <br><br>Right behind us other grup when in without reservation. <br><br>Any how my and my family didn&#39;t have the opportunity to taste the food. Hopefully, next time we visit Canada we are able to go to a restaurant where they don&#39;t care if you are not from here.<br><br>Best of luck.\
So Jake and myself out for hike several miles to here from hotel. The grilled octopus was my main attraction to here, and handmade pizza also. So that&#39;s been requested. And we both agreed this a great choice. Portions were large enough to satisfy, but not feel stuffed. The Grilled Octopus was wonderful as stated in other reviews. The Margarita Pizza initially looked barren, but was flavorful and the best handmade crust. I&#39;m coming in again.\
The food is to die for...delicious! \'a0The resto has rustic hardware decor and a chill ambiance. \'a0Our server was awesome and the staff all seemed happy...smiling and dancing. \'a0Great vibe!\
I&#39;m lactose intolerant and there wasn&#39;t a whole lot on menu that I could order. Portions r pretty small for the price. I like the $1/ounce wine that&#39;s available all day\
The ambiance here is the standout for me. Downstairs is cozy and dark (great date spot) while upstairs feels like a greenhouse -- full of natural light with tons of windows. Chairs were hard and uncomfortable and the noise level made conversation difficult, but the views made up for it. There aren&#39;t many kid-friendly restaurant options in the city, and this isn&#39;t an exception. We paid full price for buttered noodles and a pepperoni pizza with no cheese (our son is lactose intolerant), but the food was scrumptious. I ordered the lasagna -- some of the best and least greasy I&#39;ve had -- while my husband got the branzino. He said it might be the best he&#39;s ever had. Service was friendly and crazy fast considering how busy they were.\
service was horrible. server had brown stuff on her hand when she was holding my food. smelt kinda bad..\
Good food, good vibes, great company<br><br>Food: Had the mushroom truffle pasta (a must-order if you&#39;ve never been) which was creamy and heavy, despite what at first glance appeared to be a small portion size. It was rich and decadent without being too filling, and was great for dinner or to share. For appetizers, our group got the calamari (nothing too special, typical calamari you would expect at any Italian restaurant) and the house bread with burrata and figs, which is recommended as well. The balance of hint of sweetness of the fig and creaminess of the burrata cheese balances each other out, and it very complimentary with the bread.<br><br>Service: The staff was very friendly and there when you need them, and served our orders fairly quickly. <br><br>Atmosphere: The place was spacious enough for groups of all sizes, with the upstairs being more casual (but also intimate as it was very dimly lit with candles on the tables), and the lower level being more romantic (for dates).\
Pros: \'a0Great ambiance and cool interior. Service was generally ok. \'a0We ordered the Arancini for a starter which was delicious. The lasagne was great although oddly served on a small dish for some reason. <br><br>Cons: \'a0The menu on the website was cumbersome to use. \'a0We ordered the Bufala E Bresaola pizza and it had barely any buffalo mozzarella on the pizza (maybe 3 small pieces) the pizza was completely covered in arugula as if to mask the lack of cheese. Not sure why the kitchen thought that was acceptable. <br><br>Overview: \'a0Generally the food was ok. But the pizza being so poorly topped left a bad taste in our mouth. For the price I would have expected better.\
I got the Cacio e pepe and chicken on the side. Not going to lie, I didn&#39;t like the pasta at all unfortunately. I&#39;m super easy when it comes to pasta but it seemed like it wasn&#39;t boiled enough at all. The sauce was good so I dipped the chicken into that. The salads were amazing though, specifically the cavolo nero. Service was excellent!\
I loved this place, amazing food and service! The pastas are great as well as pizza, have yet to find a dish done wrong. Very unique interior as well.\
So if you haven&#39;t heard already, the truffle pasta is their specialty! Honestly don&#39;t waste too much time with the menu if it&#39;s your first time. Do yourself a favor and get the pasta and maybe an appetizer or side. I didn&#39;t think the pasta was filling alone but then again I did go to the restaurant when I was pregnant. We got a plate of calamari to share among 4. It was okay. Nothing out of this world. People at our table ordered other main dishes and were happy with their meal! The tiramisu was delicious, highly recommended from the desserts menu! Service was okay - nothing to comment on that. Check it out, and enjoy!!!\
The food was really good, and it was very easy to get a table with lots of seating available. The time that they have for lunch in terms of your seating time is an hour and 45 minutes, so if you are having a birthday party or would like to sit a little bit longer it is something to consider.<br><br>That mood is very nice and feels like an interesting spot. It is not the easiest location to get to you. If you want some thing that is easily accessible by transit. You would need to take the street car from the main TTC station. <br><br>The food was quite excellent. The Caesar salad was one of the best ones that I have had and you could tell that the kale has had time to absorb the dressing. The spaghetti Bolognese had a significant amount of meat, and it was delicious. The octopus was very good as an appetizer, that was a little bit on the price yet and given the portion size. <br><br>There was a wide variety of cocktails and drinks all of which are tasty. If you enjoy our martini, there are a lot of different martini options. <br><br>The only thing that made this restaurant a 4/5 instead of a 5/5 what is the service that left a little bit to be desired. \'a0It was definitely very average. The servers did not ask if you wanted any pepper or cheese with your pasta. If you order a beer, do not expect it to be poured for you. These are not to be expected, but could&#39;ve been have the experience.\
I&#39;ve been coming here on and off for years, \'a0with some big breaks in between but I don&#39;t think I&#39;ve veer been dissapointed.<br><br>We just had anogher good meal here. \'a0 \'a0We started with brussell spouts and they were veyr tasty and I actually don&#39;t even like them!<br><br>We then had some lasagna and diavola pizza... The lasagna was very well done, \'a0and they had put the key lasagna ingredient as far as I&#39;m concerned - bechamel sauce... It was lovely and juicy and had a wonderful fennel sausage flavour.. I&#39;d have this again..the pizza was also very good. \'a0 Super thin and very tasty. \'a0<br><br>To finish we went with the cheesecake with blueberry sauce, \'a0it was very good too and not too heavy. \'a0 We also had great service as well, \'a0the waiter was very efficient , friendly helpful. \'a0 \'a0So we&#39;ll be looking forward to coming back here again...\
I&#39;m giving this place a 5 simply because of the MAFALDE AI FUNGHI. It was delicious! If you like creamy mushroom pasta with truffle oil then this is the dish to get!\
EXCELLENT. Cannoli are 100/10, taste sweet with a bit of tang and a nice crunch, very nice candied peel with them as well, brussels sprouts are delish, they&#39;re the good sort of juicy blackened with a nice caramel-y tinge, had the cacio e pepe and it was great, the noodles were a bit thick but that&#39;s not a quality issue just a matter of personal taste, the person I was with said that the creaminess and the pepper blended just right\
Once trusted and reliable Gusto 101 manages to underwhelm with every incremental visit. Stone cold service - &#34;if you need the menu you can go to our website or walk up to the front and grab one&#34; said the waitress, putting in zero effort likely given that my large group was being auto-grated. The mushroom pasta, a classic, gets more tasteless every time I try it. At least it looks good in a \'a0photo! The pizzas are okay, but you&#39;re misguided if you&#39;re coming here for the pizza.\
Gustoooooo. What can I say. This place is a bit pricey... but I can&#39;t stop thinking about that mushroom truffle pasta that I ordered. The drinks here are also tasty and creative. The pizza is like any regular wood oven pizza. The server we had was very friendly and knowledgeable on the food and drinks. The decor of the place is a bit confusing with all the signs everywhere. Definitely get the mushroom truffle pasta\
Gusto 101 Ratings: 4.5/5 <br><br>Food: 5/5 - My boyfriend and I had our date night here, because Gusto is on my MUST go spots in Toronto. There&#39;s a lot of hype and I can see why; this place just hits different for the both of us. You need to see the descriptions of the items we got to share below for more mind-blowing details. <br><br>- Mafalde Al Funghi [GET]: OMG, insanely al dente pasta with an unbelievable sauce. The sauce was so truffle-y, rich, and smooth. It was so delicious, and probably one of the creamiest and silkiest pasta cream sauce I&#39;ve had besides at other high-end restaurants. It is PERFECTLY cooked with an amazing texture, and definitely beautifully executed. Each bite was heavenly and irresistible. I love the huge chucks of portobello, porcini oyster mushrooms and parmesan cheese on top, they didn&#39;t skimp out on the ingredients. It also added an additional layer of texture for sure! Beware though, it can get heavy towards the end, but my boyfriend didn&#39;t mind it. <br><br>- Pepperoni [GET]: Whoa! Pizza exceeded my expectations. The pizza is thin crust with a chewy dough and crust, very similar texture to the ones I&#39;ve had in Europe. You need to eat fast before it gets soggy, otherwise you can use a knife and a fork, HAHA. I love the pomodoro tomato sauce. It&#39;s acidic and tangy, pairs wonderfully with the fresh mozzarella cheese. The pepperoni tastes homemade, fresh, and meaty. The buckwheat honey and funnel oil drizzled on top was chef&#39;s kiss. If you haven&#39;t try honey on pizza, definitely as soon as possible. <br><br>- Focaccia Bread [GET]: Gusto&#39;s freshly made focaccia bread. First, they are thick, but super light, fluffy, and pillow-y. I just wished it was toasted a bit more though. It is also greasy, but in a very good way. I see them drizzle a good amount of olive oil before they serve it, and that olive oil elevates the bread so much. I don&#39;t know what it is, but the olive oil added an interesting umami flavor to it, and it was delicious. The rosemary works so harmoniously and balances so well with the bread. You have to get this too!<br><br>Ambiance: 4.75/5 - The vibe is awesome, and the perfect spot for date nights. We decided to sit in the main dining room, where it&#39;s dimly lit with candles on each table, brick walls, and open kitchen, and giving me a speakeasy vibe. The tables are kind of close to each other and not much room to wiggle around and expect it to be packed with people. There&#39;s an upstairs patio with a large glass roof and open windows, but definitely louder and got a more causal vibe. It is better for a large group of people. <br><br>Price: 4/5 - We got the focaccia bread as our starter for $6. For entrees, we got the truffle pasta for $26, and the pepperoni pizza for $19, and prices are before tax. The total came up to be around $60 for the two of us. This place can be a bit pricey compared to other places, but it&#39;s worth it. <br><br>Service: 4.25/5 - Make sure to make a reservation for Gusto, otherwise there could be a long wait. Our staff was friendly and prompt, greeted us immediately and constantly filling out our water glasses throughout the night. He provided some nice recommendations on pizza and was kind enough to take a picture for my boyfriend and me as well. <br><br>BLUF: Italian food has been the quintessential go to restaurants for me, especially when I get to pick our date night spots. Gusto serves some of the best truffle pasta and delicious pizza in GTA at some very reasonable prices. I highly recommend the truffle pasta, indeed the MUST get item here, and maybe add the focaccia bread too so you can use it to finish up the leftover creamy truffle sauce. Lastly, I would 100% come back anytime!\
We came here on a Saturday late afternoon with a reservation and was seated right away. It was my first time coming after hearing about all the hype, but it was not what I expected.<br>For whatever reason, the food came out weirdly quickly, which makes me think it was not freshly cooked. We ordered one pasta and one lasagna and they were both just warm, and very quickly turned cold.<br><br>Overall, my experience was not the best, for the price I wish they would pay more attention to the details like making the food at least hot.\
The service was very attentive. The server asked if we have any allergies and was good at accommodating them. The ambiance was nice, but the tables were too close together. I felt like I was eating with strangers. The food was disappointing. We ordered the calamari which was undercooked and the flavour felt a little lazy, not fresh for the price of $20! The pizza was burnt on the sides and the flavour was not particularly amazing for the price. The only thing I thought they nailed was the salad which I mean was good but not the reason we went there. I was excited to go, but won&#39;t be back again .. there are plenty of amazing Italian spots in Toronto and this was not one for me.\
We dropped by for a casual weekend dinner on the rooftop (enclosed) patio last month, and were seated promptly despite being early for our reservation.<br><br>Given that Gusto 101 is a Toronto institution, we were excited to try the pasta bolognese and lasagna - two of our favourites. We decided against starters since we weren&#39;t super hungry, but were surprised to find that we were not offered bread for the table, something I really enjoy at Italian restaurants while waiting for my meal.<br><br>Our food came promptly enough, considering how busy the restaurant was, but I was disappointed to find that my partner&#39;s bolognese was barely warm. We didn&#39;t make a fuss but it definitely felt like one dish was waiting for the second in the kitchen but was not left under a heat lamp.<br><br>My lasagna on the other hand was delicious. Just the right amount of sauce/meat and the lasagna sheets were perfectly cooked, and just a little crispy on top.<br><br>From the time our mains arrived, nobody checked on our table until we asked for the bill, nor did the server ask if we actually enjoyed our meals. This was disappointing given the price point, and while not exactly fine dining, it&#39;s not cheap either.<br><br>For two mains and a G&amp;T, the bill came to $75 including tax and tip, which would have been fine if the food was up-to-standard. We left full but a little disappointed, and won&#39;t be in a hurry to come back.\
One of my favourite Italian restaurants. They&#39;re known for their truffle pasta which I get every time and kale salad. Everything on the menu is delicious. Highly reccommended.\
We went here for dinner, and it was sooo good. The ambiance is really nice and service was pretty quick too. Talking about the food, was very impressed and definitely something I&#39;d come back for. The bread was really good and moist. Meatballs was pretty good and the sauce complimented it really well. Overall, would 100% come back.\
There was a lot of hype around gusto 101 and I think it fell flat on the expectations. We started with the pepperoni pizza, kale salad and calamari. The pepperoni pizza was good, especially with the hint of honey. The kale salad was honestly mediocre, but the dressing was relatively tasty. The calamari pieces were small, lacked breading and wasn&#39;t super crispy. <br><br>I was excited to try the famous mushroom pasta. The sauce was extremely heavy and the truffle flavour was overpowering. However, the pasta itself was cooked perfect al dente. <br><br>The ambiance is nice, but it did feel really loud inside. <br><br>Overall, I was left wishing for more from this experience. But I&#39;d still say it&#39;s worth a try.\
Impressive venue and good service but food lacked the &#34;Gusto&#34; I was looking for. There&#39;s two floors across this massive space. The second floor rooftop patio has a car theme to it. Tucked away off King Street.\
Came in here for the mafalde ai funghi which did not disappoint! We also got the diavola pizza 3.8/5 nothing too special. The tiramisu was good and enough to share w/ 2-3 pax. Overall, would be back for the pasta! And cocktails\
Their Mafalde Al Funghi is super popular, I love the mix of oyster mushrooms and truffle cream sauce with the pasta. We also tried out the Diavola which was super yummy, I loved the salami and roasted peppers.\
From start to finish, Gusto 101 was a disappointing dining experience. The front lacks a vestibule so you enter and are standing on top of diners. \'a0If you are seated near the front, every time the door opens you are slammed with cold air, which is very uncomfortable. \'a0The space is outrageously noisy and you must shout to be heard. \'a0The tables are situated far too close together and everyone shouting is far more disruptive when you&#39;ve only got inches from another person&#39;s mouth. \'a0The dishes were meh. \'a0Brussels sprouts were unremarkable. \'a0Caesar salad was weak and the use of avocado was gratuitous. \'a0The burrata was flaccid and flavourless with an underwhelming quantity of tomato that tasted out of season. \'a0The sausage pizza was sent back for having more salt than the Dead Sea. \'a0The pepperoni pizza was worse than Pizza Pizza with burnt crust and poor quality pork. \'a0The lasagna was like something you&#39;d get at Eastside Marios, reheated from frozen. \'a0All 3 desserts were mediocre to bad. \'a0The service, however, was attentive and useful. \'a0<br><br>All in all, the experience was quite poor. \'a0Like 1.5 stars. \'a0A vestibule must be added as the weather gets colder, and the tables need to be spaced out better. \'a0Most profoundly, the food quality is not at all like Italian fine dining. \'a0It is soulless, bland, factory-like food that lacks care or skill. \'a0Compared to Scaddabush or East Side Marios, who offer mediocre Italian at a fraction of the cost, Gusto 101 is a clear loser.\
I hate leaving bad reviews, especially for places I used to consider go-to&#39;s, but I feel like I have to express my disappointment in today&#39;s service. My friends and I arrived around 8 PM and were seated right away - this is the first time that&#39;s happened to me, so we started the night in great moods! We knew what we wanted because we&#39;ve been here (and 501) several times, so we placed our orders. Appetizers came out in a reasonable amount of time, but one friend got his main with his appetizer for some reason. That was OK, he was hungry . Then some time passes, then some more, and some more.. We see orders that look like ours passing by every minute, but none of them are for us. The waitress comes by and asks us if we got our food to which we answer, no. She comes back a while later and tells us the system is glitchy and that it should be coming any moment. AN HOUR AND A HALF passes and we still don&#39;t have our food. My pregnant friend asks our waitress if she&#39;s going to do anything about it, to which she answers, she&#39;ll talk to the managers. She did nothing. Our waitress would come by every now and then to check if we got our food, to which we answered no. We finally received our meals after my girlfriend went to someone (who wasn&#39;t serving us) and asked if our meals were ever coming, and he somehow brought our meals over. I wish our waitress had owned up to the fact that she didn&#39;t put our order in the system instead of blaming the system itself. There was barely anyone left in the restaurant by the time we were leaving... The waitress said they would comp the appetizers, but then proceeded to hand us bills with the appetizers still on it. I don&#39;t think she knew how to comp anything. By this point we just wanted to leave, it felt like we had spent an eternity there. Kind of spoiled a great night. She asked us how we wanted to split the bread, to which we answered, we thought you were comping it... Paying the bill was very confusing, I think our waitress was a bit new. I genuinely felt bad for her, but it was just very bad service. Maybe she needed more training. To be honest, I think what made the experience worse was our waitress saying things like, &#34;if this was my restaurant your meal would be comped&#34;, then leave and come back to say &#34;... is it good? is the food good?&#34;. It&#39;s like she wanted us to think they&#39;d comp our meal but nah, headfake.<br><br>I don&#39;t get to see my friends often so it&#39;s too bad when something like this happens. The food itself was good but man... our moods were killed. I used to recommend this place to out of towners, coworkers, and friends... but I won&#39;t be going forward based on how this was handled. Another thing I want to mention is that Uber pickups were annoying as we were seated next to the deliveries door. So they&#39;d come quite frequently with their flashing bike lights to grab orders from the middle of the restaurant. \'a0It took away from our experience.\
Must try spot in Toronto!! This is a pretty classic Italian restaurant with great food - they are known for the mushroom pasta which definitely lived up to the hype. The sauce was so creamy and rich, with a great flavour from the mushroom.<br><br>If you&#39;re choosing from the dessert options, I would say the tiramisu is the best by far!\
Such a bright fun rooftop vibe!!! Food was super satisfying, cocktails were great, and everything was worthy of a photo. Delicious tiramisu to top off a great dinner.\
Where do I start?? Italian has been the quintessential go to restaurant for me, and it has always worked for me. However, this place just hit different, and I mean, it hit all the high notes! <br>Vibes-awesome!<br>Service-outstanding!!<br>Food, fantastic!!!!<br><br>Decor-lots of exposed brick with old metal American branded signs. The upstairs patio has a large glass roof, and large windows to allow air flow. The tables are close to each other, just like in Italy. The restrooms are eccentric. The sink is old and decor is just cool. <br><br>Service-our server was so sweet. Our steak came out with a hair and she was so embarrassed and apologetic. She tried to get us a free meal, but she only managed to get us a latte and dessert on the house. She was attentive and helpful. <br><br>Food-Fantastic food!!! The menu is diverse and full of great options. We went with some of the classics, but all the meals looked great. Portions are on medium size, not too small, but not large either. <br><br>Polip/Octopus-5/5 stars! This was amazing!! Octopus is charred to perfection, and the squid ink sauce adds some nice twang to the dish. The chimichurri brings some heat and oil to dish. It all works perfectly together. <br><br>Mafalda Ai Funghi-5/5 Stars! Al dente pasta with a super rich truffle sauce and large pieces of portobello made this dish a home run. Everything worked. <br><br>12oz Bistecca-5/5 stars! This centre cut strip loin was tender and juicy in the center and had an amazing char on the outside. The seasoning was perfect and bone marrow butter added a level of flavor that had mouth partying!!! <br><br>Tiramisu-5/5 stars! I&#39;m not usually a fan, but this dessert made me reconsider everything I&#39;ve ever thought about this dessert. The coffee was potent the cocoa powder not too rich and overpowering, and the creamy espresso Kahl\'faa sauce was absolutely amazing. I&#39;d order it in a heartbeat again.<br><br>Loved this place and I can&#39;t wait until next time.\
Always on the hunt for the best truffle pasta! <br> <br>I ordered the Mafalde Al Fungh. <br><br>The noodles were Al Dente, just how I like em! This is the first time I&#39;ve ever tried pasta noods like this and I loved the texture! <br><br>The sauce was super creamy and delicious!\
Toronto classic for two reasons: Cavolo Nero &amp; Mushroom pasta (iykyk!) If you&#39;ve never been, it&#39;s a must try!\
I usually love coming here for the ambiance and the mushroom pasta, but today I wasn&#39;t so impressed. My boyfriend arrived and ordered a margarita (the drink). The waitress somehow mistook that for a margherita pizza, but ended up bringing us a pizza that wasn&#39;t a margherita anyways. We didn&#39;t order the pizza and couldn&#39;t eat it as there was meat on it. After telling the waitress we did not order this, she acted really confused and was arguing saying that we did (why would we order something we can&#39;t eat??) and kept asking if we wanted plates for the pizza. Finally she realized she made a mistake, but didn&#39;t offer to take it off the bill or comp us for it so we were stuck with this pizza we didn&#39;t eat.<br><br>We were then left alone for 15 mins without food until I \'a0flagged her down to finally ask her to take our order for the food we actually wanted, which was the mushroom pasta. When it was time to pay, I was upset we still had to pay $22 for a pizza that we didn&#39;t order and couldn&#39;t eat. <br><br>This was not my typical experience here. I usually have a great time with great service.\
Loved it! Loved it! Loved it!!! \'a0It was incredible, service was incredible, our waiter Liam was very nice, it made our dining experience very pleasant. \'a0The food was so good, we had the Mafalde Ai Funghi and it was put of this world. \'a0The home made bread was really tasty as well. \'a0We also had the Covolo Nero salad, it was so simple yet so amazingly tasteful. \'a0The ambiance in the restaurant was hip and very, very fun. \'a0Love this place, if you are ever in Toronto this is a must go place.\
I recommend only if you aren&#39;t picky with the menu as the chef has OCD. The kitchen will not accommodate requests. I wanted a pasta change to spaghetti (which they have), and it wasn&#39;t an allergy matter. Nonetheless, George Brown cooks don&#39;t know how to cook when not prepared in a bag for them to heat up. I&#39;d recommend Gusto if you want a roof top patio experience and a place where you don&#39;t need to use an inside voice. Food wise, it&#39;s just ok. This is where I say, it&#39;s who you&#39;re with and not so much what you&#39;re eating.\
Good eats. We had the steak and pizza to share - both were perfectly done. <br>Our waitress was very nice and professional, always around but not bugging us at all.<br>Drinks were really really good - we both ordered seconds :)<br><br>Bottom line, totally recommend! We would definitely be coming back!\
This place is pretty chic and probably a very nice to hang out after work.<br><br>I had the Bolognese and a Tiramisu for dessert.<br><br>The Bolgonese is a well executed homemade meal. \'a0The pasta was cooked well and consistent in texture.<br><br>I liked the Tiramisu. \'a0The cake and cream was light and fluffy. \'a0The cream had the right amount of sweetness and had a nice layer of cocoa powder.\
I went there twice this week.<br>The first time the three of us had the steak and it came lukewarm/almost cold that we had to eat it quickly - clearly it had been left to sit on a counter for a while before they brought the plates. Not a pleasant experience for the most expensive item on their menu.<br>The second time was this sunday afternoon. The patio was completely empty. They must have 40 seats there and only one couple was sitting around 2:15pm. A rude server (called Rami according to the hostess) spoke to us like we were stray dogs &#34;don&#39;t sit there&#34; when we tried to move table to one of 20 empty tables near ours because the sun was hitting hard and we had no protection. He then forced us back to the initial table and said he would adjust the sunshade so we wouldn&#39;t burn. He moved it by an inch and I told him I&#39;ll check if we are actually covered. He saw I still had the sun hitting me hard and just left. I called him as he was steps away and going nowhere important (the place was empty and with nothing to do) and he ignored my call 3 times (he was two tables away) and refused to adjust the shade. The attitude we received that day was unbelievable. If you want to be treated like garbage by kids who got no proper service training, \'a0go there. If you want a better Italian restaurant experience on King West, go where we went soon after: Cibo, just a block away. At Cibo they know how to treat you properly like human beings and bonus: the food wasn&#39;t cold and no attitude was provided.\
Stopped by because a friend was craving Italian food. Ordered a pizza, focaccia, and eggplant to share, plus the mushroom pasta. <br><br>The pizza was a bit underwhelming, but everything else was exceptional. Also love \'a0that Gusto sells their house wines a dollar per ounce, so you don&#39;t have to break the bank getting a drink with your meal. <br><br>Would recommend it for the pasta, eggplant app and dollar/ounce wine, but not sure I would get pizza again. <br><br>FYI like most Toronto establishments, washrooms are in the basement via stairs only and are therefore not accessible.\
I was told about this restaurant recently by my friend who lives in Toronto. Also I&#39;ve seen this place all over Instagram. The restaurant is super cute and I love the way it was set up. They have an outdoor patio, indoor seating and a rooftop patio as well. We wanted to be seated on the rooftop but it was closed off for an event. So we were seated indoor. <br><br>Since it was my first time here, the waitress was really helpful in telling us the popular dishes on the menu. (Cause I didn&#39;t research the restaurant prior to going, lol). We ordered the burrata with house-made bread to start which did not disappoint. The bread was made fresh and tasted perfect with the burrata. We also ordered the cavolo nero salad which was absolutely amazing. The dressing in the salad went perfectly. For our meal we ordered the mafalde ai funghi pasta which was soo good. It was the vegetarian option on the menu. And looking around so many people had ordered this dish. <br><br>The atmosphere and vibe here was really nice. Definitely want to go back and try other items on the menu!\
my friend and i loved it here!!! the vibes are impeccable and the dinner was scrumptious our waiter, kaleb suggested two desserts for us to try that farrr surpassed our expectations. i cannot recommend enough.\
Amazing food. We got grilled eggplant starter, shrimp pasta and prosciutto pizza, they are all awesome. My favorite was the pizza, it was fresh and not heavy. Service was also friendly. Enjoyable experience, would come back again!\
Been in Toronto for 4 decades and visited many Italian restaurants. Nothing beats their cavolo Nero and Mafalde al funghi. Fast paced environment, buzzing spot.\
Locals recommend this place .. so you know it&#39;s got to be good !<br>We sat at the bar .. the bartender knew what he was doing excellent drinks . <br>our meal was fantastic .. especially the pasta . Will definitely go back !\
One of the best restaurants I&#39;ve been to! The food was great, I really enjoyed the mafalde al funghi, however, it is really heavy so I recommend sharing it if you&#39;re not a fan of heavy sauce (also eat it quickly before it gets cold). The diavola pizza was delicious! <br><br>Service was ok.\
I have been wanting to try this place since before the pandemic when my co-worker first told me about it. We visit Mississauga every year to visit family, but due to the pandemic, we haven&#39;t been in the past two years. The funghi pasta came highly recommended by my co-worker, so I had to try that. My husband and I also ordered the lamb meatballs for an appetizer, daviola pizza, the strip steak and tiramisu. The funghi pasta was AMAZING, and something that I would totally get every time. Everything else was really good too, cooked to perfection. Can&#39;t wait to come back again during our next visit.\
Visited recently on a nice day and sat on the upstairs patio. We got the iconic kale salad, Arancini, branzino and two orders of the risotto verde. Great service, great food all around! Thanks Gusto!\
I finally tried this place after all the good things I&#39;ve heard! <br><br>This place is fairly busy...thank goodness for the rooftop level we were able to secure a spot. The service was excellent and the vibes were immaculate. It&#39;s a good place to catch up with friends and even for dates. <br><br>We started with the brussel sprouts which is my personal favourite out of the three things I&#39;ve ordered. It looks very burnt but it doesn&#39;t taste like that at all. It was very refreshing and light. I personally wouldn&#39;t share this again just because I love it that much LOL! <br><br>The mushroom pasta is what I really came for. It was very creamy and rich. It ended up being very heavy towards the end. I found the truffle oil to be too much towards the end. In person the portion is quite small for the size but because of the heaviness I wouldn&#39;t want it any other way. <br><br>Lastly the pasta wasn&#39;t bad either. It is a very thin crust with meat , spinach , cheese and some red pepper paste as well. The paste definitely helped to cancel out any of the oiliness. <br><br>I would definitely come back again!\
Went out with some friends for dinner! The ambience is quite nice but also very busy with lots of waiters/staff weaving their way in-between all the tables.<br><br>The drinks were strong, tasty, and well presented. The calamari was flavorful and had a perfect squid to breading ratio. The pizza is the star of the show! Extremely delicious with an amazing crust! However, the two pastas we ordered were pretty disappointing. The Funghi pasta was too salty and the Bolognese tasted quite plain. If I went to Gusto again, I&#39;d stick to the calamari and pizza!\
Gusto 101 is an OG favourite/staple and never disappoints. Located in the heart of the Fashion District of Downtown Toronto, Gusto specializes in modern takes on Southern Italian classics.<br><br>My go-to dish is the Malfalde Ai Funghi. The truffle cream is so rich and creamy, but not overbearing. The pasta is perfectly el dente and you definitely get hit with that nice umami flavour.<br><br>I also recommend their pizzas, as well as their Calamari Fritti and Cavoletti Di Bruxelles to start. I love the ambiance here - perfect for a date night or a nice spot to catch up with friends over good food!\
Had<br>- mafalde al fungi : I love all of that rich mushroom/truffle sauce. The creamy sauce and the rich flavor match perfectly the wide thick pasta. The pasta was cooked al dente perfectly.<br><br>- calamari: Super tender and with the right amount of seasoning. It came with fresh Aioli sauce:)<br><br>- \'a0beef tartar: super thin and tender, \'a0garnished with fresh aioli - melt on the tongue.\
BEST PASTA! The food was so delicious. The pizza and calamari was also incredible. Definitely a spot to try out in Toronto\
My friend had visited this restaurant 4 years ago during her undergrad. For her birthday we wanted to surprise her with a dinner here. <br><br>The staff were really nice and accommodating as they let us sit for 30 minutes before ordering as we were waiting for my friend and were getting settled when she arrived. <br><br>We got a mix of pizzas and pastas, all of which tasted so good. My mushroom pasta was delicious, and I tried the pizzas which had really yummy sauce. That to me is the most important part of a pizza and the restaurant really aced it. <br><br>The one complaint I have though is that when we had asked to split my friend&#39;s bill for her birthday, the waiter made a mistake and split her order by 7 instead of 6 people. Instead of re printing the receipts he just added the extra order onto another friends bill. Although it wasn&#39;t much of a price difference, this was not very courteous, especially because the friend didn&#39;t feel comfortable asking the waiter to reprint. That&#39;s just something that should be done without having to asking a restaurant goer if they want to reprint, because it can be uncomfortable to speak up<br><br>Other than that, we had a pleasant experience!\
I went here and loved the mafalde al fungi a few years ago so re ordered it for delivery, and honestly this is my favourite dish on the menu (I&#39;ve had some of the meat dishes and kale salads) I will come here for this mushroom pasta dish! <br><br>Even with delivery the other night and it was perfectly made, al dente, right temperature. <br><br>The kale salad on the other hand was very underwhelming. The kale was in large pieces hard to eat, and a few pieces of bacon and cheese for $17???? Not worth it. For that price I wish more care had been taken to make the kale pieces edible as I assume that&#39;s what the high price is for.\
I haven&#39;t been to this King West staple in forever and wish I had given it another try sooner!<br><br>We tried:<br>Burrata: I&#39;m not usually a fan of beets but these were delicious and the sweet and savouriness of the pickled complemented the creamy burrata well<br><br>Carpaccio: This was good, however I felt the flavor profiles were a bit flat, I cant put my finger on it!<br><br>Malfadeal funghi: Literally came for this and it was soooo delish. The pasta was perfectly al dente and the truffle cream was aromatic. I will deff come back for this<br><br>Cavelo Nero: I found this kale salad to be too tangy and missing extra sweetness to balance out the salt/acidity<br><br>Diavola: I&#39;m not usually a pizza fan but this was delicious! the tomato pesto, smoked provolone, salami and peppers all worked beautifully together. The first one (pictured) was a bit burnt since its cooked in a wood oven but the second one turned out perfect<br><br>Tiramisu: Not pictured bc we were lazy after all the wine lol but it was surprisingly delicious! The portion was big enough to share and the espresso wasn&#39;t too overpowering<br><br>Pro tip: Did you know they have $1/ounce house red/white wine off the menu?! Crazy cheap price for dine-in and the wine was decent too! The prices are very reasonable, and food is tasty. I&#39;d definitely come back and try more of their menu or whenever I&#39;m craving some truffle mushroom pasta\
TLDR: Great restaurant, with proper service, but absolutely stellar MAFALDE AI FUNGHI <br><br>(Slightly) longer review for those not in a hurry:<br><br>Taste (4.5/5) :<br><br>I&#39;ve tried most of the pastas on their menus, and also some of their appetizers! Everything was always fresh and delicious, and you can tell that the pasta is made in-house, because the pasta was always a delectable al dente. However, the dish I absolutely adore is the Mafalde Al Funghi. It&#39;s a pasta with portobello, porcini, oyster mushrooms, truffle cream sauce. This i definitely THE dish to get. During the summer there was also a peach mozarella dish that was also super refreshing and still makes my mouth tingle thinking about it Love how they have some seasonal items to try out.<br><br>Though it&#39;s very obvious that the Gusto 101 ethos and style is very different, I would put Gusto 101 at a similar level to Scaddabush, if not for the funghi pasta, which is why I&#39;ve deducted half a star from 5 for flavour.<br><br>Although I am no wine person, it&#39;s worth noting that my friends also enjoyed the wine selection available here to pair with your meal :) <br><br>Place (3.5/5) :<br><br>The restaurant itself is beautiful, but if only it was brighter for me to admire it! I get it, fancy restaurants are usually dim lit, but this restaurant was particularly dark. They gave us an ambient candle to light up the table, but it was still quite dark. So dark, in fact, that our server kept missing us when we tried to order more or ask for water. Service was great when they could see you! Also notable that if you&#39;re going to dine-in, it is an expensive area to park in, if you can find parking on the weekend. <br><br>Otherwise, this is a great place for dates and friends to hang out for great pasta and a few drinks as well! <br><br>Follow my insta @joelyho for more foodie stuffs!\
Must Try: Mafalde Ai Funghi, Margherita Pizza <br><br>Rating: (10/10) Food, (9/10) Service, (9/10) Value, (10/10) Ambience, (10/10) Presentation, (10/10) Cleanliness <br><br>Experience: One of our favourite Italian restaurants, as their dishes are elevated above what we&#39;ve ever expected. I personally love their mushroom pasta, as we come exclusively for that alone some times (it also travels well so the take-out version is great). Other great dishes include the Kale salad (basic but boogie) and beef tartare. They also have in-house wine (red and white) that you can pour by the oz, which lets you either go easy for the night or a hard as you want. <br><br>An elevated classic Italian restaurant is what I would call Gusto. I would highly recommend!\
Didn&#39;t know i could&#39;ve made reservations for NYE but was really lucky i got to end the year here!\
I had been wanting to come here to celebrate special occasions since 2014 but somehow just missed the opportunity and every time ended up dining at chain restaurants. Fast forward to 2021 while visiting Downtown Toronto, I finally went to Gusto 101 for a date night with my husband. It was not very crowded on a Sunday night. We were seated immediately, as socially distanced as possible from other tables. The inside of the restaurant has a nice, romantic and rustic charm with tea lights at each table - nice for a date night but not spaced out if you&#39;re looking for privacy. The tables are quite close and you could easily hear the conversations at the next table. But that&#39;s the case with many restaurants downtown that have an intimate setting. We did not get to see their rooftop patio since it was closed for winter. For appetizers we shared an order of the arancini which was good but on the sweet side due to the saffron risotto in it. For mains I ordered their popular mushroom pasta, it was really delicious and worth the hype. My husband got the Margherita pizza - the crust was thin and quite soggy towards the middle of the pizza almost like a wrap! I really liked the sauce on the pizza though. For dessert we got the tiramisu. Every dish had extremely small portion sizes. Also our waiter took very long to come to our table to take orders for food, drinks and also to bring the bill. We were not in a rush but felt a little ignored, because other tables in close vicinity got better attention. I noticed this as there was no eye contact made when it really came to a point I had to waive at him to get his attention. <br>But overall a great experience. I will definitely return in the summer to try their drinks and the kale salad next time.\
Great spot, always reliable. Our waiter Florenzo was so good at recommending and for plenty of laughs. Highly recommended.\
You cannot PASS-ta the opportunity to go to Gusto 101 - it is hands down one of the best Italian restaurants in downtown!<br><br>Malfade Ai Funghi (9.5/10) $24 - This is their most popular dish and for good reason. I&#39;ve tried so many italian mushroom pasta this summer and this one TOPS the charts. The mushrooms are so fragrant and the creamy truffle sauce is to DIE for \'a0This is a MUST HAVE if you come to Gusto!!!!! + its vegetarian <br><br>Calamarata (8.5/10) $22 - Like the name, the pasta is shaped like Calamari! If you like seafood \'a0you will be a huge fan of this pasta. A solid choice<br><br>Margherita pizza (9/10) $16 - the pizza \'a0here tastes very authentic with the thin crust, tangy sauce and flavourful cheese. We got this to share and afterwards my friend and I were both stuffed <br><br>\uc0\u8252  Tip: Come before 6:30 to get a seat with no wait! At 6:30 we saw that there was already a huge line outside\
Had dinner with friends on a Wednesday night. The restaurant was very dark. We had to use our phones to light up our table a couple of times. The service wasn&#39;t too great. Server was short and rushed. We ordered two appetizers, and a minute later she was asking for our entree orders. The appetizers came and two minutes later the entrees. Ugh! House bread was good, and shishito peppers were nicely roasted. Sweet and spicy. Our entrees were SPAGHETTONI AL LIMONE, BOLOGNESE and CALAMARATA. Overall a nice meal wish service was better. Tiramisu was great! silky sweet perfection.\
Sorry for the picture , I just could wait to eat. The truffle pasta is great! I was upstairs and the place is good.\
Very average Italian food. Good deal on the $1 an ounce wines. \'a0Ambience is nice. Service was ok.\
Beautiful space with perfect evening lighting. Wine list was decent. It was loud inside with lots of echoes.\
The place started slapping up terroni&#39;s in &#39;16. Of course, the ai funghi is what you need to try and always hits. The calamari is meh but still better than your run of the mill Italian chain or bar\
Great patio spot. Love the funghi pasta here. Pizza is good, I love Margherita, and it was nice they let me &#34;modify&#34; with extra Vasil. Gusto ericano burger was also delicious, great flavours and dressings. If you can get a table ok the rooftop patio, even better.\
Great location in King west. <br><br>Quality: food was good. \'a0A bit of a mixed feeling here though. \'a0I love al dente but Mafalde Ai Funghi were way too under, by a good min or two. \'a0The truffle sauce was also too heavy. \'a0The Bolognese was fantastic as was the simple lemon spaghetti. \'a0The pizza&#39;s here are some of the best in the city. \'a0The Huge issue (hence the 3 stars) was service and quality of the calamari. \'a0On the former, the staff was not very attentive, and a bit aloof. \'a0The latter was just flat out bad. \'a0Either the calamari were frozen and/or were not washed properly as it had bad smell and immediate fishy taste. \'a0Gusto can probably do better.\
Thee BEST Italian Restaurant we have been in a very long time! <br><br>The kale salad was DELICIOUS! <br>Pizza&#39;s were delicious!<br>Pasta&#39;s were delicious!<br>My favourite meal was the white fish with herb salad. It was simple, and with fresh lemon oil drizzle, olive oil, salt &amp; pepper, and WOW!<br><br>The service was incredible! All staff are eager to please and working together. <br><br>This place is a must!<br>Thank me later!\
***updated review***<br><br>ive been coming here the last little while, and getting getting take out even during the covid lockdown.<br><br>ive always loved gusto &amp; recommended to almost everyone who asks me &#34;wheres a good spot to go downtown?&#34;<br><br>this evening we came by here and had the signature al mafade funghi pasta. many times ive ordered this and have asked for the pasta itself to \'a0be cooked a little more well. i understand that traditionally pasta is typically al dente (more hard). we asked our server if the pasta can be cooked a longer, to which his response was &#34;i dont know bc they cook multiple orders at a time&#34;.<br><br>ok....so, the pasta is pre-cooked n portioned. cook ours a tad longer? since it was too much of a hasel we said never mind.<br><br>our friend joined us after we ordered &amp; chatted w.our server &amp; he also found the pasta too hard. he nicely asked our server to have our pasta cooked a little more well. to which our server starts accusing us of manipulating our own friend &amp; telling him what to say to him about the pasta being too al dente...he then rolls his eyes &amp; \'a0takes away the dish.<br><br>at this point we were quite cheesed w.his attitude, comments and eye rolling. we asked to cancel the dish completely, give us our bill and to remove the dish that we each had 1 bite of.<br><br>he brings us our bill and i noticed they had charged us 2 portions of the al mafalde funghi???? another while after he came back and still left the 1 portion on the bill. i asked again for him to remove it and said, im sorry, im not paying for something that we had 1 bite of and did not enjoy. he tells us &#34;well you ordered it, so.........&#34; shrugged his shoulders and rolled his \'a0eyes. then, he roceeds to remove it.<br><br>while we billed out, he got into it <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fw.my&amp;s=e08cc09ed58d33c2906d2aaf3caddcdba89347dceeb5d8b725f802129d464b35" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">w.my</a> friend verbally. i understand that my friend shouldnt have been rude and making comments about our server&#39;s performance, i appologize for that. but for the server to actially engage in the verbal spat and rudely talk back to us???????????? where was the manager????<br><br>1. that was extremely unprofessional.<br>2. im sure the mod (manager on duty) was very well aware of the situation &amp; we had already asked to speak to him 2-3x, which he did not come by.<br>3. i work in the food/beverage industry too, and ive had unhappy customers get verbally agressive. the most id say to them is, &#34;im sorry you did not enjoy your time/meal this evening, but please dont talk to me that way.&#34; and id have my mod talk to them if i cant resolve the issue.<br><br>i am honestly really disappointed with gusto 101, and wont be coming back here.<br><br>i do wish the business and team well, and to thrive. especially during covid.<br><br>my advice to our \'a0server &#34;lorenzo&#34; is to be more polite with your guests. even if you are in a disagreement with them, it was not right that you stood there n talked back to us. <br><br>i was still going to leave a 20% tip, \'a0but the fact that the mod didnt come by when we rquested 2-3x to speak to him, and our server to mouth off to us as well, i decided not to leave a tip. <br><br>it was a very bitter visit and we wont be coming back.\
Stopped by in my recent Toronto visit &amp; could not have been more pleased with this spot! Truth be told, we had originally gone to a Mexican place but after being told there was a 45 minute wait, we decided to keep looking &amp; ran into Gusto. So happy we did! We were immediately sat at their rooftop area &amp; excitedly looked thru the menu. I immediately zeroed in on the DANTE (dewar&#39;s white label whisky, st. germain, pineapple syrup, lemon juice, cardamon bitters) &amp; my boyfriend chose the STALLONE (wild turkey bourbon, amaro montenegro, strawberry syrup, ginger beer, lemon juice); both delicious but Stallone won out &amp; we ordered a few rounds of those. My boyfriend, who lives in Toronto &amp; is a regular here suggested the CAVOLO NERO (lacinato kale, zante currants, toasted pinenuts, pecorino, parmigiano, lemon vinaigrette) &amp; the SPAGHETTONI AL LIMONE (lemon, pecorino, chives, butter, chili) &amp; I added the CAVOLETTI DI BRUXELLES (crispy brussels sprouts, black garlic, vincotto, peperoncino). Everything was divine. Very much looking forward to coming back next time I&#39;m in town.\
Great spot, great service, great menu. This was the perfect spot for our group as it had all the italian favourites we were craving including their signature mushroom truffle pasta. The calamari and pizzas were all great too. My one qualm is that their tomato sauce is way too sweet; almost ketchup like sometimes.\
Gusto 101 has quite a lot of seating, including an outdoor patio and upper level seating, so we didn&#39;t have to wait for a table. \'a0We were seated quickly and our server was pretty prompt with drinks. \'a0We got several items:<br><br>Focaccia - could be warmer when brought out, it was just lukewarm. \'a0Was good but could have been better had it not been lukewarm<br><br>Cavolo nero salad - \'a0was very tasty, but for $16 for a salad was a pretty steep price<br><br>Americano burger - asked for medium, burger was well done and a bit dry. \'a0Fries were delicious with the sauce<br><br>Bolognese - was the star out of all the dishes. \'a0Pasta was al dente, but lots of grease (which also made it taste good).<br><br>Had to drink a lot of water when home, dishes were loaded with salt.\
For me, this is one of the best Italian restaurants in the city. The food is amazing and fairly priced. <br><br>We went around 5:30 on a Thursday and got seated immediately (the website said they don&#39;t take reservations so we just walked in). We were seated on the upstairs patio and there was a lot of room, probably due to COVID restrictions as well. <br><br>For our app, we ordered the calamari fritti. It was amazing and the lemon aioli was delicious. We ate it so fast I forgot to grab a picture of it. <br><br>For our mains, we ordered the famous truffle mushroom pasta and the Diavola pizza. The mushroom pasta was creamy, cooked perfectly and they did not skimp out on the truffle. \'a0Although the portion may not look like a lot, it is really filling. The pizza was great as well but the pasta was definitely the star dish. <br><br>The staff is really nice and service was fast. There are plenty of staff cleaning as well so it felt very COVID safe. Will for sure be coming back.\
Their mushroom pasta is soooo good like wow! Super creamy and loved how the pasta was perfectly cooked. Definitely on the pricier side compared to the actual portion sizes but still worth a visit! Nice rooftop patio as well, great summer vibes.\
Was here in March and I loved their mushroom pasta. So creamy and delicious! It was cold and only the patio was open but hello covid restrictions! Will visit again when the lockdown is lifted and the weather is nicer\
Like most I love the mushroom pasta!! Highly recommend for an indulgent dinner in the city\
I loved that I could order online for advanced takeout that made my New Year&#39;s Eve so easy and stress free! \'a0Everything came hot and all the food was so delicious. I normally don&#39;t prosciutto pizza but this was so good and not too salty like a lot of other places. This \'a0place is definitely worth the hype, can&#39;t wait order again when we can eat at the location !\
Delightful food wonderful atmosphere. What a fantastic dining experience. Friendly and polite stuff. By far best Italian in the city. Fresh and tasty food. Amazing pasta and polpette pizza. They have so many reviews for a reason. I will be back.\
Looking for some delicious Italian food? Gusto 101 is your spot. I love everything here. From their octopus to their pastas!\
Ridiculous $36 for two take out kale salads which consisted of 100 grams of shredded kale and some grated Parmesan! Total robbery, especially for take out. Will never go back! Try to support small businesses during these times, but not like this! Extremely disappointed - shame on you Gusto 101, you&#39;ve lost a loyal customer.\
Great drinks and well-made pasta. The fettuccine was like silky ribbons. Carpaccio was so tasty . Nice ambience and great location. Easy to get to via subway or street car. Great bar area near the entrance where you get natural lighting if you come before sunset. There are two patios, one being on the ground level and the other being from the second floor providing an elevated view of the neighbourhood. The rooftop patio also has interesting features created from the skylights of the building.\
Ordered Uber. Pizza was delivered cold and lacked the toppings I had paid for. Called up the restaurant and a guy called Luigi (store manager) blamed Uber for the lack of quality and refused to make amends. Funny thing is the I could trace that Uber picked up and delivered within 15 mins of the restaurant marking it prepared. Poor form. Won&#39;t be coming back.\
This place offers Southern Italian classic dishes, yet it really mesmerize me with the rustic interior design and ambience. It brings you back to Italy! I love the food of course!<br>Mafalde Ai Funghi - cooked perfectly! Al Dente. This is the creamiest mushroom pasta I&#39;ve ever had, Delicious! You can taste the truffle on the cream sauce.<br>Calamarata - it is so good! Shrimp is so fresh, and the sauce is TOP NOTCH! I love everything about this dish. So flavorful!<br>Calamari Fritti - it&#39;s just a perfect Calamari, but for me, I can eat that calamari without the Aioli sauce.<br>Tiramisu - the mascarpone is super soft, OH MY! I just hope the kahlua is stronger (but it just a matter of preference) still the best tiramisu I&#39;ve ever had in a while!<br><br>Staff is really friendly, always checked in on us. However, I&#39;m not sure why, but our table surface is a bit sticky, and it keeps me wondering why.<br><br>Overall, it was a well spent Friday night at Gusto101. <br>Don&#39;t forget to book a head of time, I have been eyeing for a while until I got a table. You know how excited I am!<br><br>Follow me on instagram @astravel_eats\
This place is by far one of the best Italian places I&#39;ve ever been to. Their food is the most authentic and delicious. Not to mention, their service is amazing. The waitress kept checking up on our table to ask if there&#39;s anything else we wanted or if everything was okay in general. <br><br>I would highly recommend this place to try out \'a0<br>Would definitely be coming back\
I am not sure why there are so many great reviews. The food is mediocre and there were so many flies at the patio area. Had the Cavolo Nero (black kale salad) due to great reviews. It wasn&#39;t that great: sour and overpriced ($16). Shared a pizza and it was okay. We wanted to have time to talk but we felt rushed to order food and finish our food. The waitress told us that seating time was 1 hour and 45 minutes and she kept reminding us how much time we have left.\
I came here with a friend and had such a wonderful time. I received one of the best restaurant services I have ever had in a long time. Since we were a party of two on a Friday night we were nervous for the wait but were seated right away. There was an error made that was fixed and even received a complimentary dessert. Thank you Kerri for making our experience so amazing! I just want to say the food was amazing. We started with the house made bread which was delicious and the portion was huge for two people. For the main... do you even have to guess?! The mafaldi ai funghi, a true star!!! The sauce and noodles were absolutely delicious! I will definitely be back! We also had the olive oil cake which I recommend to anyone. Thank you gusto for a wonderful night.\
Whenever I&#39;m downtown, this is where I want to go for dinner... I just crave the black kale salad and the mushroom pasta all the time. It&#39;s so filling and hits the spot. <br><br>Every time we&#39;ve been here, it&#39;s been busy. Especially now during COVID-19 (hello future readers who have lived past this pandemic), there are fewer seating options and I see a lot of people doing take out. We&#39;ve been incredibly lucky. We came early each time so they always had a little table for us within minutes. Plus it helps that we know exactly what we want. <br><br>Food flies out of this kitchen quickly. I never feel like it&#39;s much time before something edible is plopped infront of me. And the servers are always around tending to the tables, pouring more water in the glasses, and making sure everyone&#39;s happy... but in a way where they aren&#39;t constantly asking you how everything is while you have the biggest possible piece of food in your mouth. No, they give us space and are there once we need them. Perfect!<br><br>You have got to try the black kale salad (cavolo nero?). It&#39;s so good, their chef shared the recipe on CBC or some news channel a while back. I love it. Tangy, a little sweet, nutty, and all the freshness of black kale. Texture wise, it&#39;s soft and easy to chew through because it&#39;s been sitting in the citrusy dressing. Then that shaved parm on top. WHEW! <br><br>And then we go for the mushroom pasta. It looks like a deceptively small portion when you first see it. But the pasta is dense and chewy and the sauce is rich. You got the truffles, the mushroom, the umami deliciousness all around. It&#39;s exactly my type of pasta.<br><br>We&#39;ve also had pizza and other dishes which have all been amazing, but I am a creature of habit. I tend to return to the same dishes. <br><br>AND for the dessert, if they have olive oil cake on the menu, do give it a try. For anyone that hasn&#39;t had olive oil cake before, it tastes so good. great hit of strong flavoured olive oil in a dense cake with light, herby, sweet toppings like fresh thyme and gelato. It&#39;s perfect, I didn&#39;t think I would like it as much as I did. <br><br>Really worth coming in to take a look. Try it out. Book a reso if you plan to come after 7pm. It&#39;s a wonderful vibe, cute restaurant, great service, great food.\
I like Italian food. Quite interesting place, very nice people. Thank you so much!\
I&#39;m so glad that Gusto is still offering great take-out options during the covid pandemic. Definitely one of Toronto&#39;s great quality food venues, but I wish I could have experienced my food indoors again. Please take us back to when it was before lockdown.\
I&#39;ve always wanted to visit this highly rated restaurant, but never ended up going before things went off the rails. With restaurants struggling these days, I figured I would show support by giving takeout a try.<br><br>Let me cut straight to the chase: the mafalde al funghi is incredible. It&#39;s creamy, mushroom-y, truffle-y bliss. My favourite Italian place in Richmond Hill used to offer a mushroom pappardelle, but ever since the restaurant closed down a couple years ago, I&#39;ve been on the hunt for a worthwhile replacement. I&#39;m so glad I&#39;ve found it in the mafalde al funghi and I can barely wait to experience this dish in person when it&#39;s appropriate to do so.<br><br>I also ordered the rucola (arugula salad with parmesan and lemon vinaigrette), which was as expected. Unfortunately, my order of brasato (braised beef shank) was replaced with rigatoni al pomodoro. I wasn&#39;t informed of this before my order arrived, so I think there was a mix-up. Thankfully, Uber Eats refunded me for the dish. There was nothing wrong with the rigatoni, but it wasn&#39;t what I had ordered and I wasn&#39;t too impressed with it.<br><br>The tiramisu is a perfect way to round off your meal. It arrived in a large portion that serves 3-4. It&#39;s tasty and pretty good value. I would certainly order this again.\
Absolutely love their food! Sometimes it&#39;s hard when you want an early dinner because there&#39;s always a line up. But on nights that you don&#39;t mind eating a bit late, this place is great! <br>Service and good are always consistently good!<br><br>Would highly recommend this place.\
Amazing Margherita Pizza. Best I&#39;ve had in Toronto so far! I&#39;ve tried margherita pizza in many other restaurants and they don&#39;t always use the best ingredients. This one truly tops the list, especially with their cheese. Will definitely come back for more.\
This seemingly small place serves some delicious food. It looks small from the outside but is actually quite spacious on the inside. We went in early February, and were seated right away. <br><br>I ordered the ground sausage &amp; roasted red pepper pizza, and my best friend ordered the lamb meatballs. We also got an appetizer of the fresh bread (not complimentary). Everything was incredibly delicious. The service was great everyone was so polite. The pizza crust was the perfect texture of just a tiny crispy on the outside, while soft and fluffy on the inside. The lamb meatballs&#39; flavour was very rich (and not too rich), and their sauce was to die for. <br><br>We left feeling extremely full, with tummies satisfied. I will definitely return to this restaurant in the future.\
Firstly, I loved the decor of the restaurant. It&#39;s a bit dark in there but the seating is minimalistic yet chic. My group was sat on the second level where glass pyramids sit as center pieces inside of a large square countertop for large groups. I ordered the Regina Margherita pizza. It contains cherry tomatoes and buffalo mozzarella and was absolutely delicious. I shall am not a fan of whole tomatoes but these were bright and delicious. The mozzarella was milky and stretchy and worked wel with the fresh basil on the pizza. The crust could have been cooked a little longer as it was not so charred on the bottom and the sauce ended up making the pizza a little fragile. It was a perfect balance of sweet, savory and tangy. That fat of the cheese perfectly balanced the acid of the tomato. The service was pretty good and overall, I enjoyed my dinner with my group. We spent about an hour in the restaurant and waited about 20 minutes for seating. If you need to wait, which you will, I recommend strolling around the block or city for a while and see what Toronto has to offer.\
We came for an early supper, sat upstairs-- the best place to sit in my opinion with windows on 2 sides and lots of natural light (downstairs is dark and romantic).<br>Wine selection is nice and fair priced, most apps were sold out (we were looking forward to some arancini and bruschetta), the pizza and pasta was delish!<br>Service was good, fast and the server gave honest opinions on the menu.<br>Would recommend as a date night or a girls post-shopping spot.\
Okay well let&#39;s start with the wine was $1 an ounce(house wine) but the wine was great! I went with my coworkers and we all had something different. Steak was good and the pizza was very soft. Perfect cheese to dough ratio. \'a0Very dark I think it&#39;s better for a date night but either way the food was good and super filling.\
Wow such a cool place! Great service, decently priced, and Tuesday&#39;s special was an awesome light meal. The ambiance is so chic and cool! Definitely would recommend.\
You would think any of the pastas with meat would be the best, but get the one with truffle oil and mushrooms. You will not be disappointed.<br><br>The one thing I could say was that I wasn&#39;t a huge fan of the fries which were quite thin and almost too crunchy, but honestly it&#39;s such a small thing, it doesn&#39;t ruin the experience or the flavors and experience of the other dishes.<br><br>I&#39;ve been here twice already with my loved ones, and can&#39;t wait to be back.\
The upstairs area at Gusto101 was very spacious and open compared to the main floor that is usually loud and very dim lit. We tried the pizza and the grilled octopus and finished with an Americano. Would definitely come back again .. for brunch.\
Came here on Valentine&#39;s Day, despite not having reservations we were accommodated.<br><br>The vibe was nice and food was amazing (except the dessert)! We ordered a margarita pizza and mushroom pasta which were both phenomenal! Food did get cold super fast, but I blame the ice box weather.<br><br>The pana cotta was a huge let down. The flavors did not mesh well what so ever. Totally avoid at all costs. <br><br>My only feedback is to step up their service. When the server brought out our food, I asked for parmesan cheese and crushed peppers. She said there is already &#34;a lot&#34; of parmesan cheese on there, walked away and came back with only crushed pepper?? Lol last I checked I was the one eating the food and didn&#39;t ask if she thought I needed parmesan cheese. <br><br>Additionally our actual waiter was slow and did not check on us at all.\
Packed packed packed.foods good though , must try their pastas , they don&#39;t take reservations sadly\
I was looking for some great Italian places to try out in Toronto and this place caught my attention. The reservation is recommended here. We missed our reservation. So, we had to sit in patio area on the roof near the bar. The other option was to wait for 45 mins. The place has a dim lit kind of ambience. The staff is very well trained and is very friendly.<br><br>Now, coming to food, we started with Tuscan fries and Mushroom Bruschetta. Fries were crispy and then Bruschetta just tasted amazing. In Mains, we tried their famous Truffle Mushroom Pasta and Melanzane Pizza. Both dishes just tasted heavenly. The base of Pizza was very thin and full of cheese. The Pasta was creamy and so yummy. We ended our meal with their Chocolate Cake and Tiramisu. Both of them were really good, especially the Tiramisu one. Overall, a great place to try some amazing Italian food. But it is a little costly. So, it might burn your pockets a little bit.\
My boyfriend planned a birthday dinner for 17 friends this past Friday and we were all very happy with our meal. We were in a private wine cellar on the bottom floor and shared family style plates for each course. Family style set ups normally leave me a teeny bit hungry afterwards but not this time at all. As per usual, the highlight was the truffle pasta, which had us all thinking about it the next couple of days. The minimum spend was very reasonable and we would all definitely do it all again. Big shout out to our waitress - you were amazing!\
Great food with great atmosphere. The lighting is very dim so good for dates! I went with a group of four girls for a friend&#39;s birthday and we were seated on the top level. \'a0It was very cold at first due to all the windows but they turned up the heat eventually. \'a0One party of four kept their coats on the whole time since they were seated next to the window.<br><br>Staff was friendly and attentive. \'a0The food was great. Mushroom pasta had a great truffle flavour but by the end it was quite heavy. Still finished it though! The grilled octopus was tasty and the kale salad was flavourful with lots of cheese. The chocolate dessert was very dense and rich but good to share with another person.<br><br>Would come back and maybe try their burger next time!\
I hadn&#39;t been to Gusto in a long time and now I remember why. Their service just lacks so much, for the trendy atmosphere and vibe they execute. Went for brunch today with a friend (who had NEVER been before) and right when we walked In the hostesses didn&#39;t great us with a hello. We get seated upstairs, following the hostess who basically ran up as we quickly followed. We then approach a table of 6 that had to be taken apart because the \'a0reso canceled. The Restaursnt wasn&#39;t even busy... so no one reset that table after the cancelation? Looked silly as we stood there waiting. We then sat and didn&#39;t get greeted by a server for 5 min or so. We looked around and \'a0finally a gentleman came over to us loooking and sounding annoyed. I&#39;m not gonna lie, I was EXTREMELY unimpressed by this server so I asked him if he was taking care of us and he looked at me like I was dumb. Totally ruined our experience as he kept giving us attitude with our menu questions. I&#39;m getting aggravated just writing about it. Anyways, i hope they can retrain their staff\
Coming here for the 3rd time because I was craving pizza. We got a seat right away around 7pm on Friday on the lower floor. Nice candlelit tables, dim, however very loud and we had to shout across the table to hear each other.<br><br>Went with the basic margarita pizza and fries. Despite my food coming fast, my pizza was cold :( Probably waited on the counter too long because my bf&#39;s pizza was warm. Thin and crunchy, I had a salt craving that day lol.<br><br>The fries tasted like layz fries (oily and crunchy) but airier. Comes with light garlic sauce.<br><br>Decided to try a panna cotta for dessert (blood orange for 10.99) I&#39;m sad to say this is one of the worst desserts i&#39;ve tasted, just wasn&#39;t my cup of tea. I thought it would be a custard consistency considering it&#39;s heavy cream based, but it came in a cup instead. And it wasn&#39;t creamy nor sweet- it was really sour! The orange froth on top was okay but then you get to orange chunks in the middle that&#39;s really tangy, and at the bottom you have olive oil?? My taste buds did not like the combination of olive oil and orange. Sorry, but i couldn&#39;t finished it :/\
Never disappointed, but never overly impressed at that, Gusto 101 is a solid location to keep on your radar of classic Italian restaurants in the city. Located in the heart of the Entertainment District, Gusto&#39;s space is impressive: rustic-industrial but not impersonal. The upstairs portion of the restaurant is particularly lively after hours, offering an experience that both defies the drear of the winter months and captures the warmth of the summer season. While dinner tends to err on the side of upscale, Gusto maintains a casual atmosphere with its rather affordable prices. Meanwhile, its $1/ounce of wine offer is certainly hard to beat.\
A solid spot for Italian - I now see why this place has so much hype around it. We didn&#39;t book reservations, but were able to get a bar seat upstairs. The space was super cool, and my family visiting from out of town loved it!<br><br>The bread was delicious, the salad and the pastas were amazing, and the dessert was perfect. I have nothing bad to say - overall a 5/5 for me. I will definitely be back!\
I love this restaurant. Ate out on the patio during the summer and the atmosphere was great, food phenomenal, service was good too. I ordered the kale salad (&#34;Cavolo Nero&#34; on menu) as the appetizer, which I underestimated at first but was clearly mistaken once I tried it. SO GOOD! The kale salad is a must try. For the main meal I ordered the truffle mushroom pasta (&#34;Mafalde Al Funghi&#34; on menu) ughhhh so good. Also ordered a Margherita pizza and that was also very delicious but I&#39;d suggest going for something different while you&#39;re here! There are a lot of options on the menu including an array of different drinks.!<br><br>Would I recommend? Heck yesss\
What a great place to eat on a cold day. The atmosphere was amazing and the service was exceptional. I ordered and class of wine and it arrived at the table before the server even left! My family ordered the margarita pizza and the PATATE E PANCETTA was to die for. I ordered the COTOLETTA ALLA MILANESE. The chicken was lightly breaded and not oily, and the salad added a fresh taste to the dish. I would recommend Gusto 101 to everyone!!\
When I say the food is unreal here I mean it. This is the only yelp review I&#39;ve written and I felt like I could not leave the restaurant without letting the wold of yelp know how good this place is. My girlfriend and I sat at the bar, completely full restaurant. The open concept kitchen we watched the chefs prepare eat meal in front of the wood burning grill. We started with the burrata and bread, followed with Brussels, the Diavola pizza, and mushroom pasta. Unbelievable food. Some of the best I have ever had. I don&#39;t have a single complaint. The service was great. A real team effort. Plates didn&#39;t sit in front of once we cleaned them completely of course. And the tiramisu was so delicate and light. If you are in Toronto please go here!!\
This could be my shortest review ever: get the mushroom pasta. Seriously, don&#39;t question it, just get it. It&#39;s absolutely heavenly. Even if you don&#39;t like mushrooms (like me) you will love this pasta. It&#39;s pretty much perfect.\
After hearing great things about Gusto 101 I finally had my turn to try it and I was not disappointed, AT ALL!<br><br>I really liked the rustic interior and the restaurant gave a more upscale casual vibe. I felt welcome in just my jeans and sweater. The staff was super friendly and assisted us happily. We had brought a birthday cake to celebrate our friends birthday and they gladly put it in their fridge, and even cut and served it to us after we sang happy birthday. It was returned in perfect condition (except for those slices we ate of course).<br><br>On top of the service and decor, the food was absolutely bomb! Our table of 4 shared the Cavalo Caesar Salad (kale caesar), Polipo (grilled octopus), and Mushroom Brushcetta to start. The Cavalo caesar was tasty and every ingredient complimented eachother. I wasn&#39;t too heavy and tasted heavenly. The grilled octopus was tender and delicious. The mushroom bruchetta was also delicious and had lots of mushrooms on top.<br><br>For our mains we had the Calamarata (Spicy seafood pasta), Taliatelle (Bolognese ragu pasta) and the Mafalde Al Funghi (Mushroom Truffle Cream Sauce). Can I just say, my personal dish, the Mafalde Al Funghi, was THE BEST mushroom cream pasta I&#39;ve had thus far, and it&#39;s not because I was just hungry. If you love cream pasta, and mushrooms you must try this. Combined with the truffle oil, it just brought my pasta experience to another level. The pasta itself was cooked al dente and complimented this rich sauce so well. I had a sample of the other 2 pastas which were very very good in their own right, but the mushroom pasta was the best in my opinion. If you&#39;re lactose intolerant, be wary though.<br><br>I&#39;m glad I finally got to try Gusto 101 and am looking forward to my next visit hopefully very very soon.\
Unfortunately, we didn&#39;t take any photos because we were too busy chatting and forgot shoot some photos. We tried almost all the dishes on the menu. Seriously doesn&#39;t worse even 10$ any dish. Pizza is naked) no toppings... daily specials like an appetizer; Kale salad is so exaggerated omg it is just KALE which becomes very fancy recently. Here come only corporate ppl with gift cards, I don&#39;t think anyone will pay for this crappy food from the pocket. If you still want to try tasteless food then come evening because of the interior. It is very cute especially evening, deemed lights makes the place very romantic. Overall food is unreasonably priced and tasteless.\
We really enjoyed our time at this restaurant. We went on a Saturday night without a reservation and it was very crowded and we had to wait a while. It was dark, but the ambiance was nice. Our waiter was also nice and attentive. We both got pasta dishes and were very happy. I would definitely come back here and would recommend for a romantic date night out.\
First time at gusto 101, I heard so much good things about its dinner menu so I had also pretty high expectations on the brunch too. I would say it&#39;s a little overpriced for the food I was eating, we tried eggs in purgatorio, and tagiliata di manzo which is grilled flatiron steak and Romano beans. I never liked beans but liked the beans oN my plate, it&#39;s well seasoned and not mushy. However I asked for medium steak and I got fully cooked steak...... which is just, disappointed considering how popular this restaurant is. The tiramisu is very sweet, they charge 10 dollars for a very shallow piece, and the biscuits underneath is no where near soaked, maybe they took a modern twist on this dessert because it is NOT authentic at all. For those who recommended tiramisu in the reviews, I don&#39;t know if u actually have eaten authentic ones yet because this is just..... meh.Anyways, I will come back for non brunch, but I will avoid tiramisu for good.\
Great food. Nice ambient. A+<br>One of the best Italian restaurant I&#39;ve ever been. Good choice in Toronto.\
The pasta here was absolutely delicious, I forgot the name but it was the one with the variety of mushrooms and white creamy sauce. You can tell their pasta is made in house. The portion is quite small though, didnt feel quite as satisfied for that reason but didnt take away from the overall experience. They probably deal with less waste because of how much they put on the plate lol which is good I guess. Service was as expected, prompt and polite. A bit disappointed they were out of the ragu lamb, that&#39;s the pasta that I really wanted to try. Their substitute was pork and beef and all their other pastas had pork in then already so I was pretty much limited to a plain red sauce pasta or the mushroom because I dont eat pork.\
I came here on a weekend for a late lunch around 2PM, and I was immediately seated. I was handed a brunch menu, and to be honest, most of the items looked quite ordinary and American; even though I didn&#39;t end up trying any of the main brunch items, I don&#39;t think I would come here for brunch. I ordered the banana bread after confirming the size of the dish (it&#39;s small). I didn&#39;t see any pastas on the brunch menu though, so I asked for it and was told there was only the mafalde which comes with a creamy mushroom sauce. I had looked on Yelp before going and knew that&#39;s the pasta I wanted, so I happily ordered that. I was asked whether I wanted both at the same time or banana bread first, and I said I&#39;ll take whatever&#39;s ready first. The food came out quickly, and the banana bread came first. It was light and fluffy, and I liked the pairing with the strawberry preserve. I don&#39;t know what the blob of cream was, so I didn&#39;t eat that. Before I could finish that, my pasta came, and it looked so good that I couldn&#39;t wait to finish my banana bread before having it, so I took a bite. It was delicious, wow. I was really impressed by that dish because the pasta itself was cooked perfectly, and it was so chewy. The sauce was very mushroom-y, and the cheese on top complimented the dish well too. I was so happy eating that, I would highly recommend it. My bill came out to be around $33 (CAD) post-tax which is definitely on the high side, but for the quality and quantity of food, it was worth it. Ambiance was comfortable and everything was clean; it wasn&#39;t too loud for hearing a conversation. Service was pleasant and friendly although I had to wait a while for my check. I would definitely recommend coming here for some good Italian food!\
tl;dr not too shabby! but you can do so much better.<br><br>Came here for my birthday with a few gal pals - we&#39;d been meaning to try the place out for ages. The staff and management here are great: they&#39;ll have you seated right away and don&#39;t hesitate to cater to any adjustments you may request to your order. The ambience is almost on par with joints like Scaddabush.<br><br>I ordered the Diavola (spicy salami pizza!), while my mates opted for their Pappardelle (lamb ragu pasta) and Mafalde (truffle mushroom pasta). We all took advantage of their $1/oz house wine (they offer both red and white). The wine itself wasn&#39;t anything special, but paired with food it went down well enough.<br><br>My pizza was pretty good in terms of flavour - save for the fact that it was dripping in oil. I was surprised to find the crust so paper thin, as its not my go to when I picture my ideal slice (but some may prefer theirs this way). A singular giant basil leaf placed in the off-center as an after thought left the dish looking a bit messy.<br><br>Both of my friends received cold pasta (not room temperature, COLD) which we were shocked about, but our server quickly took the plates back for reheating and the manager came out to offer an apology. After their food was once again edible, I tried some and wasn&#39;t impressed. The Pappardelle tasted undercooked and was plated in a lasagna style making it difficult to cut through, and the ragu itself was mediocre at best in terms of flavour. The Malfalde was gooey in consistency and I personally found the truffle cream sauce to be overpowering and not complimentary to this dish. Upon her first bite my friend immediately noted that the dish tasted exactly the same as the mushroom pasta at Trattoria Nervosa (a sister restaurant to Gusto). <br><br>As a fan of the other restaurants under the Gusto54 umbrella corporation (Chubby&#39;s &amp; PAI in particular) I was a little disappointed that their Italian dining experience didn&#39;t live up to the standards I would have expected from a place with such high reviews. <br><br>Sometimes ordering can be a hit or miss, and these were most definitely a miss. Our little group was in unanimous agreement - we&#39;d much rather be at Pizza Libretto or Grazie than here.\
This is a fantastic establishment with embodies delicious Italian cuisine and a culture that resembles Italy. It has a really vibrant, open roof top and a nice, buzzing, dim indoor space. Both areas are loud and roudy and give a great environment to hang, grab food and grab a drink with friends.<br><br>I got the infamous Mafalde Al Funghi which is basically their mushroom, truffle pasta! The shape of Mafalde is perfect for picking up the super delicious truffle cream sauce and making each bite so good as you soak in that savoury, creamy sauce. They could&#39;ve definitely plated the food better and I was originally skeptical when it arrived. But when I had it I was surprised how simple and elegant the dish was, yet it was so tasty. I wish the portions were bigger though for the $22 I had to pay!<br><br>They have their own house wine on tap for $1 per ounce! So it was $5 for a glass of wine, which is ridiculously cheap and it tasted pretty reasonable as well! (Another thing that resembles Italy! Cheap wine while you eat your meal!)<br><br>All in all, I enjoy this restaurant and I&#39;ll definitely come back again!\
My favourite dish to order here is their mushroom truffle pasta (Mafalde Ai Funghi). Very rich, creamy and flavourful! A bit pricey but worth a try if you come here. Their octopus (Polipo) was okay though, probably wouldn&#39;t order that one again. Their kitchen is open concept so it was cool to peek through to watch the chefs cook.\
We traveled into Toronto for the weekend from NY and were seeking a modern Italian cuisine. Gusto 101 exceeded our expectations for a number of reasons. The wait was approximately 45min which gave us plenty of time to explore the surrounding neighborhood which we enjoyed. We were quickly seated after arriving back. Once ordered, dinner arrived sooner than expected and was phenomenal both in taste and presentation. Further, our server Benjamin was incredible. He not only offered helpful insight for our weekend vacation stay but went above and beyond to ensure we had a wonderful experience. On the way out, we accidentally left our helpful map our hotel provided but Benjamin ran out and chased us halfway down the street to return it! <br><br>We highly recommend and will be sure to return upon our next visit!\
By far my favourite Italian restaurant in Toronto!! I have ordered almost everything on the menu and am never disappointed! The $1 for 1oz wine is a great perk as well. Perfect restaurant for dinner with the girls, date night, or hanging out with co-workers on a night out.<br><br>Go-to dishes:<br><br> MARGHERITA PIZZA with hot salami added<br><br>MAFALDE AI FUNGHI PASTA <br><br>CAVOLO CAESAR SALAD <br><br>TUSCAN FRIES\
Get the kale salad and the mushroom pasta. Seriously, so delicious.<br><br>$1 ounces of house wine make this place super affordable.<br><br>This is a standard go-to wit friends! I wish I still lived around the corner\
Went with a friend for dinner, luckily we got a table immediately. The food was awesome, good service and great ambience. I would definitely recommend this place. Tastes very similar to NYC pizzas.\
Fuego. Flame. Fire. Bangin&#39;. Slappin&#39;. Hittin&#39;. Whatever positive adjectives (slang or otherwise) that can be thought of can be used to describe the food. I had the cacio de pepe and my lady friend had the rag\'fa d&#39;agnello. Let me tell you that s*^t was so so good. I made sure I sampled her dish too. Neither disappointed. The food was high quality and the taste was inexplicably exquisite.\
This is probably my favorite Italian place in Toronto, their pasta is to die for. We had pappardelle ragu and mafalde al fungi and i literally cleaned off that plate. We came at around 10:30 and immediately got seated, our server Austin, was polite, professional and efficient. Great experience overall and will definitely be on my go to when I visit Toronto again!\
Came here for the fresh pizza, straight out of the oven. We devoured it within minutes, about $13-15 for a pizza. We came here as a snack, if you&#39;re coming for a meal - a pizza per person would be more ideal instead of to split. Tasted very similar to NYC brick oven pizza.\
Love the ambiance and food! Pizza is a must here! I&#39;ve had the Prosciutto E Rucola, Diablos and Spinaci! All great options :)\
My family and I were in Toronto on Saturday. \'a0As I love Steampunk and Italian food we decided to try Gusto 101. \'a0It was excellent. \'a0The atmosphere was relaxed and interesting. \'a0The food was amazing. \'a0We shared their Mushroom Bruschetta and it was delicious. \'a0I had Mafalde Al Funghi with protobello, porcini, oyster mushrooms and truffle cream sauce. \'a0Honestly, it was one of the best dishes I have ever tasted. \'a0My son had a Marghertia Pizza. \'a0He enjoyed it very much. \'a0And my husband had the Rigatoni All&#39;Amatriciana. \'a0Very good. \'a0the staff were attentive and friendly and the prices were reasonable. \'a0I hope to go back there soon.\
This place is great if you&#39;re willing to splurge. It&#39;s very dark and they rely mainly on candlelight so bring your glasses! Also I had a falling out with the friendI came to this establishment with and while that doesn&#39;t really matter I just wanted to put it out there\
The mushroom pasta is something I could eat everyday, but I would say that the octopus appetizer could use improvement. It was nicely cooked and tender but this appetizer comes in at the price of an entree, so I feel that for the price ($22 I think), we should get more than 5 small tentacles. As we were waiting outside, the hostess had asked us if we wanted to be in the quieter section and we said yes. We were directed to go upstairs, yet it was still so loud that we were yelling at each other. Maybe I&#39;m just old, but I would prefer not<br>to have a yelling match over dinner. Overall, a lovely space and I would return to try a few of their other offerings.\
Amazing vibe with wonderful food. This is a place I would surely recommend to anyone who likes good Italian food. It&#39;s also at a reasonable price, with good food and cheap house wine.\
No wonder this place is so busy almost everyday,every hour, every season. Good service, good food &amp; reasonable pricing ( for downtown core location).<br><br>The bad? The wait time. But I hit the jackpot tonight, without much wait time. <br><br>Too loud for a decent conversation. If you want a full on conversation and not wanting to scream on top of your lungs,t with your louder than usual voice. Then this is not the place for you.\
Ahh! Confused to rate between 4 &amp; 3 . I would rather say 3.5. And here&#39;s how:<br><br>Service: 5 plus. One of the best services I have ever received. I booked them online and had specified a lot of things. I tend to do that all the tome when they ask. But... I have seen a few restaurants which actually read or pay attention to those instructions and follow, but the Gusto 101, not only each of them carefully but also showed that they care by accommodating each of my request and showcasing it while we were onsite. Example: I mentioned that I am pregnant and vegetarian, so the lady who served us, without asking told whats vegetarian and safe to eat in pregnancy!!! I was so impressed!!! She also remembered that its my Hubby&#39;s birthday and she connected to me finding a time when he was on a toilet trip to do a little candle ceremony over the dessert to totally surprise him. I didn&#39;t have to approach her.<br>Apart from it, in general the service was par excellence. So weather its serving the food, special requests, refills and making sure someone is looking for us all the time we never had to wait to get the attention. They were more than 1 people watching for us.<br><br>Ambiance: 5 - we did dine @ upstairs patio, and it was beautiful! The place is super big, they also have a beautiful private party room un the basement, wine cellar themed. <br><br>Food: 3 - so here is where I think \'a0they have a little room for improvement or it was just by chance that our dish was not so good. Can&#39;t say. So we ordered mushroom pasta : the sauce tasted so awesome but the downside: there was a very little sauce and the pasta was a little more harder than Al-dente. Portion could be a little more as well.<br>I did snoop around and saw , other people had more sauce . So I don&#39;t know. \'a0<br>Pizza was good not the best but nothing wrong. <br>The bread (3.99$) was good. The dessert was average although i loved the salt and chocolate combinations but it was-not balanced somewhere the salt was a little to much, I guess they have to be more careful while they sprinkle it or find another way to serve it. <br>Hubby loved both of their house wines ( red &amp; white) and the idea of 1$ per Oz. And they made me Virgin Mojito and priced it pretty decent! <br><br>I must it is great place for personal celebrations and special dates.<br>But we are willing to go again to give it try a second time.\
This review is for drinks only. <br><br>My boyfriend and I stopped in Saturday morning for a drink. We sat on the rooftop at the bar and truly enjoyed ourselves. The decor is very trendy and unique and the bartender was absolutely delightful. We had a nice chat with him over our delicious cocktails. \'a0<br><br>The bathrooms smelled like a litter box I held my breath the entire time it was so bad. I noticed there is a private dining room down there and I just wonder how anyone can sit down there with that smell. <br><br>Other than the smelly bathrooms, this place is a home run in my book!\
Got a referral from a friend to check this place out. \'a0Really does remind me of my trip to Venice, Italy with the pizza with nice full tomatoes on top and cheese! \'a0 Just got the mozzarella basil tomato pizza and was great! \'a0 Loved the bit of oil on top too. \'a0 My wife had the classic porcini pasta and was right on the spot. \'a0I also had the classic Uova In Camicion it something like that. It&#39;s the Italian spin on eggs Benedict with cumin spiced potatoes. \'a0Also very delicious. \'a0 Would for sure come again. \'a0Service is nice and friendly. \'a0Most importantly they&#39;re patient!! \'a0 Oh the mushroom bruschetta is also a must get.\
Go for the Gusto! Superb service, great ambiance and fantastic food. <br>Planned a small surprise birthday dinner for my sister. She listed this as one of her favourite eateries in the city so I arrived early with balloons. <br>The front entrance staff were very kind to allow me to get a table for four ...with balloons LOL. <br>Wait staff were equally friendly and very fast. Service was excellent. <br>Food: my sister highly enjoys their kale salad. I thought it was great - massaged kale shredded with some sort of lemon vinaigrette and topped with Parmesan shavings. <br>I spied the pizzas making their way to the tables of others so I went with a \'a0prosciutto and arugula option. It was delicious. Perfect combination of flavours with a light, crispy crust. <br><br>Definitely recommend for a nice, light meal with friends. A little loud for a date night but groups seem to like it (there&#39;s a second level and a patio during the summer months).\
The restaurant has a unique, authentic feel to it with wooden tables and decor. I would recommend the 2nd floor during the day, as it is much brighter with the sun roof and light coming in. We ordered the margherita pizza and fungi pasta. This is my first time trying mushroom and truffle pasta, and it tasted amazing! It smelled heavenly, and it was rich and creamy which I love. Well worth the trip!\
Excellent service and food despite breaking my heart. <br><br>Went in yesterday for lunch after watching a TIFF film with the girls (make sure you check out Just Mercy with Michael B Jordan!) and got a nice seat on the upper patio despite the restaurant being quite busy. <br><br>We ended up having the burger, avocado toast and the uova in camicia. All were excellent. Although the avocado toast portion was small, it was absolutely delicious. Keep in mind there is a very spicy drizzle that comes on the dish so if you don&#39;t like spicy make sure your server knows. I , however was licking my fingers! You may need two orders for a group of 4 because only 3 smallish slices of bread. <br><br>Now for the sad part....<br>This was my first visit and I&#39;ve had it bookmarked forever and was really there to try the pizza and pastas. Of course we get there and the pizza oven was down and they don&#39;t serve pastas (except 1 special) on their brunch menu. Yikes! I tried ordering the Eggs in Purgatorio but was told that also was made in the oven (double yikes!!) <br><br>The server was exceptionally kind and was very apologetic. She made good with a complimentary tiramisu which was tasty enough for me to return for that alone. <br><br>Overall, great trendy spot with fantastic service and food. I didn&#39;t succeed with the pizza and pastas the first time but I&#39;ll brush it off and hopefully be back to try again!\
Very consistent and always really good. The branzino is hands down the best I&#39;ve had in the city. My only complaint is they don&#39;t have draft beer. The washroom is coed, so heads up if that bothers you.\
Probably my favourite Italian place in Toronto - definitely coming back for great food and drinks. Would recommend Gusto for date night or drinks and dinner with the girls. <br><br>We came in around 7:30PM Saturday night and were seated relatively quickly. I ordered the Mushroom and Truffle pasta, boyfriend got the T Bone steak, and we had the beef tartare as our app. <br><br>Drinks were so so good, I got the dragon fruit and watermelon cocktail and it tasted like juice but I could taste just the subtle flavour of hard liquor. <br><br>Pasta was perfectly aldente and so much mushroom and truffle flavour, it brought me back to the truffle pasta I had in Florence. T Bone was great, flavour was really good and the addition of mushrooms was a nice touch to balance the strong flavour of steak. Beef tartare was surprisingly delicious, there was a truffle infused sauce that you could mix the beef with and place it on the baguette chip and not was that heavenly. <br><br>Come here if you&#39;re looking for great Italian food and cozy vibes.\
One of my favorite Italian restaurants in Toronto. I loved Mafalde al funghi. Great taste!\
Great place for dinner! Casual atmosphere with really great food! <br><br>We sat in the patio area and had a few of their dishes. We had the cacio e pepe, tomahawk steak, margherita pizza, broccolini, and their rucola salad. Everything was really good! The steak was cooked perfectly, nice and tender. The rucola salad was fresh and love the dressing on it. Finished off with tiramisu and panna cotta... both very good. <br><br>The service was really good and they have a nice wine menu. Would love to go back to try some other things on the menu.\
Husband and I came here for brunch on a Sunday. We were seated upstairs in nice weather, and everyone from the hosts and server were very nice though not overly attentive (we had to flag our server down a couple of times). It wasn&#39;t crowded and the fresh air was nice. We ordered the special of the day, mushroom pasta, the steak off the brunch menu, and the panna cotta. <br><br>The mushroom pasta was delicious even if the presentation left much to be desired. The flavors of truffle really shone through and was present in every bite. The portion looked small, about half of what you&#39;d find in American restaurants and a third of pasta dishes in Italy, but with how much truffle they used, I&#39;m not surprised or disappointed. Quality over quantity any day. <br><br>The steak was a nice surprise--flank (I think is what they used) tends to be lean, but the chef treated it very well so that it was juicy and flavorful. The egg was perfect, and though I have hated beans all my life, these smelled so good and were seasoned so well that I actually ate a few bites before the texture triggered my dislike. The peppers probably could&#39;ve been saut\'e9ed for a shorter amount of time, but now I&#39;m just being picky. There were many elements on the dish, but all worked well together. <br><br>We had hoped that the panna cotta would remind us of our trips to Italy, but it was quite different. This felt more of a pudding or a custard, and the preserves they used were overpowering for our non-sweet tooth. We both had to rinse our mouths after. <br><br>The only real issue we came across was finding a short, dark hair in the pasta. We opted not to be fussy and didn&#39;t notify our server or send the plate back, but it seems that the restaurant owner monitors the reviews here, so perhaps this can help the expeditor be more cognizant of issues like this.\
The neighbourhood&#39;s favourite Italian restaurant - $1 an ounce wine, truffle mushroom pasta and Nero salad - consider yourself satisfied!\
Amazing italian food- this is coming from an Italian from New Jersey. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and we got to sit at the bar facing the cooks which was a fun sight to see. The house wine by the ounce was great. I had the agnello bolognese which was to die for. Definitely would recommend to a friend.\
This was our favorite meal while visiting Toronto. The MAFALDE AI FUNGHI was delicious and has some serious mushroom flavor. Sparkling Ros\'e9 was refreshing and inexpensive. Perfect for a summer evening drink! The DIAVOLA PIZZA was full of flavor and a bit spicy but not overpowering. There is a wait for this place on weekends but definitely worth it. We would absolutely come back to Gusto 101 if we are ever in Toronto in the future.\
Let me just say that I will come back her whenever I can. <br>Not only for the food but the service is great. <br><br>Went here for dinner on a Thursday evening, we had a reso so didn&#39;t have to wait and were shown to a lovely table up stairs on the patio. <br><br>There was a huge party beside us but you would&#39;ve never known because we were shown just as much attention. <br><br>Started with the charcuterie board and the Arancini. <br>For dinner I had the funghi pasta, which let me tell you is worth the hype. Initially my pasta came out and it was cold and the noodles were undercooked. I mentioned it to the waitress and within like 10 minutes I had a fresh plate infront of me. <br><br>The cocktails were delicious and I would love to go try some more.\
I ordered a cappuccino with lenticchie while my friend ordered the mushroom bruschetta and panna cotta. I sampled her food as well so I will share my thoughts.<br><br>Cappuccino was okay. It was a nice and quick pick me up after work. Lenticchie was average.The lentils were flavoured with crispy salami, pachino tomatoes and zucchini. I couldn&#39;t taste the zucchini but the rest was nicely flavoured.<br><br>Mushroom bruschetta and panna cotta was Michu better in comparison. Mushroom bruschetta was nice and crunchy. The mushrooms were flavoured nicely and brought out a lot of its natural flavours. The panna cotta has a citrusy taste and a really great summer treat!<br><br>Servers were quick to refill waters and to check if we were doing okay. Price point is fairly high for what we ordered but will come back to try the pasta.\
Visited On: February 6, 2016<br>Meal: Dinner<br>Dining Style: Dine-in<br>Would I Return: Yes<br><br>Ordered<br>-Mafalde Ai Funghi<br>-Gusto Rosso<br><br>Thoughts:<br>This was my favourite place to come as a vegetarian. I love mushrooms so this is the perfect dish for me. The portion looks small but the truffle cream sauce makes it very filling. I always ask for chilli oil on the side to drizzle over my pasta since it adds a nice little kick. The fresh bread dipped in olive oil mixed with balsamic vinegar is amazing.\
A must if you want to have a good pasta!<br>professional staff member!<br>wonderful service and food!<br>friendly environment!\
Great spot for very good food and lively atmosphere. I look forward to eating at their new location on King East!\
The Diavola is amazing. \'a0Try the Mafalde ai Funghi pasta if you want something unique. <br><br>Atmosphere on the rooftop is fun and breezy. \'a0You can come here to chill and order a Cortado if you&#39;re not doing a full meal.\
We ordered 4 dishes and all were good but on the saltier side. \'a0The atmosphere is nice but because of the crowds it&#39;s quite noisy and harder to make a conversation. Overall good meal but probably won&#39;t be back for a while.\
Great atmosphere especially on the deck <br>Fun place and vibe <br>Pastas and salad were really good ( funghi, lamb ragu, and a rotini with pork) Pizza was ok - crust could be improved and mine was pretty sloppy. <br>House rose was really good\
Food was good but unexciting.<br><br>Also, portion sizes were smaller than expected.\
It&#39;s my first time here, the food was great but it was such a horrible service... I tried to flag down our server TWICE trying to ask for something but he walked right past me and didn&#39;t acknowledge me. I had to scream excuse me before he even heard me. We will not be returning\
Hit Gusto for a quick early dinner. Excellent food, service, and atmosphere.\
I swear Toronto has the best rooftop patios/bars and this restaurant is one of them. Gusto is a a beautiful restaurant located in downtown Toronto. My friend and I went here on a Sunday afternoon for brunch. There wasn&#39;t even a queue to get in, which was a pleasant surprise.<br><br> The restaurant&#39;s dinning area is split into two levels. We sat upstairs in their gorgeous rooftop area, it kind of reminded me of a greenhouse. The service here was great as well. Our waiter was polite and very attentive. <br><br>I ordered a mimosas ($11 I think) and the eggs in purgatorio which came with a side of grilled sourdough bread with a spicy tomato like sauce on top. The meal was delicious! The flavor was perfect! The eggs do come runny which I normally don&#39;t like but went really well with this meal. I&#39;d definitely recommend trying this place out! There dinner menu looks just as yummy especially if you&#39;re in the mood for Italian.\
Super delicious. I had the gluten free pasta and it was honestly one of the better pastas I&#39;ve ever tasted in my life. <br><br>Super awesome find, was recommended this place by a lot of friends. If you&#39;re staying close by like we were on vacation, check this place out. The ambience is super cool, definitely a nice date spot or a small group of friends!\
A Toronto staple. Must try the kale salads !!! If not downtown go to trattoria nervosa !!!\
This place was great! We wanted to go to a rooftop restau down the street but they were booked and then we found this gem! There were surprisingly few ppl on the roof (plenty down stairs). I got the omelette (not my favorite bc the mushrooms over powered but the salad and potatoes were very tasty) and my friend got the eggs in purgatorio which she like. I also got a 5 oz pour of the house Pinot ($5) and she got a mimosa ($11). Service was great and quick.\
One of my favorite spots downtown, especially in the summer. Can&#39;t go wrong with anything on this menu. Recommend their red wine sangria as well\
Been here a couple years ago and I remember it was very good but my recent visit left me very disappointed. My visit during lunch on Tuesday the 30th started with a very rude hostess. She couldn&#39;t even bother to help me to my seat she just said, you can look around for your friend (who had already arrived). I asked her if she would help me and she said to look myself. I don&#39;t think these girls get any training or maybe they&#39;re told to be snobby and lack hospitality skills. <br><br>We ordered a pizza which was soggy and the kale salad was not flavourful at all. The server was a sweet girl so no complaints there but the food was not great.<br><br>Not impressed.\
The pulpo was a delice. The combination of an olive tapenade with potatoe and the octopus is extraordinary. I did not like the other sauces that were there, as you can tell that these sauces were bought. <br>The appetizer burrata was honestly nothing special. You can tell that the peas are frozen. <br>The pizza was delicious. The crust was thin, and crunchy, and the pizza was well furnished.<br>The ambiance is very nice: a must-go to if you have a free afternoon with your friwnds or family on a hot Toronto day. <br>The service was great, they were able to accomodate us to seats we wanted, despite the restaurant being busy. <br><br>Food : 4<br>Service: 4.4<br>Ambiance: 4 <br><br>Overall: 4.1\
Awesome service loved the environment <br>The margarita pizza was on point <br>We sat on the top section and we loved every minute of <br>Our waitress recommended some delicious drinks<br>D<br>For dessert we ordered the tiramisu and was awesome just disappointed cause we couldn&#39;t get more <br>Loved this place\
I visited here because I was craving GOOD pasta. And when I saw some pictures on Yelp, I told my group that we have to come here. <br>Gusto 101 is super crowded so basically it is really hard to get a table without a reservation but if you are willing to share a big table with other group, you can be seated immediately, My group decided to share a table so we got seated immediately inside right in front of entrance. The only thing is it got sooo hot I never sweat but I was sweating like a pig. Wish they find a way to cool inside. <br>Food came out and I LOVED my mushroom pasta and the best pasta Ive ever had. At first the dish seems small but the pasta is thick and long so it does fill you up. I had a bite of the pizza and usually I don&#39;t like plain magherita pizza but it was pretty nice. Since I am from Detroit, I won&#39;t be easy to come back here every time I crave this, so I bought some ingredients to recreate Mushroom pasta but we will see how that&#39;s gonna turn out haha. Will definitely recommend to anyone here!\
Gusto 101 is a must whenever we come to Toronto. <br>It&#39;s as close as it can get of real italian cuisine. <br><br>The mafalde el funghi are to die for. <br><br>The restaurant also has a great atmosphere.\
I&#39;ve heard many good things about this place and after finally trying it, I now understand why. I shared dishes with friends so we could get the most out of our experience there and there was not a single dish that I didn&#39;t like. Everything was really good! <br><br>We ordered the famous mushroom mafalda: the pasta was really al dente and the mushroom cream sauce was heavenly. Definitely hit the spot and satisfied my pasta craving. \'a0<br><br>We also ordered the Melanzane pizza which came with generously large grilled eggplants, fresh mozarella, basil and herb on it. You could really taste how fresh each of the ingredients were and the crust was thin and both crispy on the end while still being soft and chewy in the center. <br><br>We also had the omelette which had truffles and spinach along with a side of crispy potatoes. I thought this was going to taste the most basic, but surprisingly it was loaded with flavor. <br><br>I also had a pinot grigio which I found to be too sour for my liking but at $1 per oz I am not going to complain much! <br><br>I&#39;m taking 1 star off because the service is really hit or miss here. The server we had seemed really bored and not attentive. He came by once to ask us if we wanted to clear the food and we were only halfway finished and still eating....it was just bizarre. When we were getting the bills, he stood there texting on his phone instead of handing us the terminals. We sat there awkwardly waiting for him to finish.\
Such a great spot to sit on the patio. \'a0I ordered the MALFALDE AL FUNGHI - it was perfectly al dente, but wasn&#39;t sold on the sauce. It wasn&#39;t truffle-y enough and kind of just tasted like Campbell&#39;s cream of mushroom soup (which in my memory is delicious, but also much cheaper than what I paid). Next time, I&#39;ll definitely get a pasta (such amazing texture) but maybe not this one.\
Delicious Italian food ! The patio is pretty fun as well. I also order for delivery from an app and the food is always delicious.\
Always a good time at Gusto 101! \'a0The food is excellent, the service is up to par and the atmosphere is great! \'a0I especially love the pizza here. \'a0They have a great rooftop patio that you should check out on nice days. \'a0Friday and Saturday evenings are usually very busy, but otherwise it is usually reasonable to get a seat.\
Overly hyped crowded restaurant with poor service. \'a0I went to Gustav on my recent trip to Toronto. The place was packed. The restaurant was out of bread and beer. The main course was served before the appetizer..the main was cold and tastefree. The tables were placed so close to each other that guy next to me was constantly talking loud. I will not recommend this place to anyone.\
Great scene, location, vibes, &amp; FOOD. They have both an outdoor patio &amp; a rooftop, and if you&#39;re not lucky enough to enjoy that, their inside seating is just as great! Pizza is amazing. Brussel sprouts were outstanding. The Mushroom truffle pasta, TO DIE FOR.\
Excellent service and the food was absolutely delicious. I had the signature truffle pasta and would ecstatically recommend this to anyone. It&#39;s their signature dish. The drinks from the bar were expertly crafted. Definitely a must stop whenever I&#39;m in Toronto.\
Heard about this place way too many times and finally decided to give it a try with some friends, while sitting out on their patio. Luckily when we went on an evening one weekday, we were sat pretty quick but the place did look pretty busy. Got their famous mushroom pasta and it did not disappoint! The sauce was very rich in flavour, really creamy and very filling! Also got the spinach pizza to share with my friends and it tasted really good and cheesy. Would definitely come back for their pasta and maybe take advantage of their $1 an ounce wine deal too!\
Love this place for their house wine and mushroom pasta! I come here often for these staples. The red wine is a $1 an ounce and well worth it! It&#39;s a great spot if you are craving Italian. I would recommend to make reservations and sit on the second floor rooftop patio.\
Gusto 101 (Toronto). <br>*<br>*<br>There is a reason why Gusto has been on a pedastal in my mind since I last came for dinner, maybe 7 years ago. So delicious, great space, awesome house wine for $1/oz. <br>*<br>Prosciutto Pizza - delicious flavours, very thin pizza which was hard to grasp but worth it because the toppings are so well balanced. The crust was crisp and light. So good. <br>*<br>Grilled Octopus - texture was on point, very nicely cooked. Not chewy at all. Interesting dollops of flavours surround it and make for a pretty plate. Wish there was more potatoes underneath! I love potatoes. <br>*<br>Mushroom pasta - highlight of the night for me. Truffle flavour was not too much/overpowering, sauce was exquisitely mushroomie, pasta was freaking al dente af like it was the most perfectly cooked pasta. It was thicker than usual too, I appreciated the chewiness to contrast the creamy sauce. I wish the serving size was larger! I think I could eat two of these on my own. *drool*. <br>*<br>Overall, so glad they were open on Canada Day and our original plan had fallen through and this landed on our lap/in our bellies. Always such a pleasure to dine at @gusto101to no matter the occasion. 9/10.\
Only had a few dishes for brunch and they were okay. Will likely come back to try more. <br>Note the place is always packed.....\
This is, hands-down, my favourite Italian joint downtown. When I was celebrating a professional achievement last week, picking a restaurant for lunch was a no-brainer. I knew my suburban-dwelling family would be all over the flavour, coziness, and warmth of Gusto 101.<br><br>I was right.<br><br>We were a large group with a reservation, and Gusto was able to accommodate an earlier arrival than scheduled (great!). They were also able to get us in and out within ~60 minutes, and I&#39;m talking 6 meals, dessert, and coffee. Very impressive! <br><br>Now, on to the food. I always order the Cavolo Nero and Mafalde Funghi. Always. These are my ol&#39; reliables. I know what I&#39;m getting, and I&#39;m blown away each time. The cavolo nero is a light and zesty kale salad, that is topped with shaved Parmesan and lightly toasted pine nuts. This salad is an absolute dream, especially on a hot day. I&#39;ve tried recreating it at home, but Gusto has a way with it that I&#39;ll sadly never replicate! The mafalde funghi is just as impressive. The creamy mushroom sauce contains layer upon layer of mushroomy flavour. If you like mushrooms, this is the dish for you! Unsurprisingly, these dishes were a hit with my family! <br><br>We also tried a couple of new things: the branzino fish and margarita pizza. The branzino was crispy on the outside and light and flaky on the inside. It was so unfortunate that we were all sharing, otherwise I could finish it all by myself! The margarita pizza was not as epic but it was still a solid pizza! The crust was thin and crispy, the toppings fresh but not overwhelming with flavour. It tasted just the way a margarita pizza should taste.<br><br>The dessert: the coffee was epic in every sense of the word. When it arrived at the table, everyone commented on how the coffee must have been really good. It was brown and frothy. Dark and rich. You knew you were getting real Italian coffee. We paired our coffees with the cannoli, which to be honest, were not the best I&#39;ve ever had (shoutout to L&#39;Unita) but they hit the spot! <br><br>Verdict: head over to Gusto for lunch or dinner. Grab a seat inside or on the rooftop patio. You won&#39;t regret it!\
Fresh fish, quality pasta and an above average cup of espresso make this livley Italian restaraunt the place to be if you are near the core. <br><br>We arrived as a group of six and were quickly seated. \'a0The service was up to standard for the area; quick, consistent and attentive. \'a0As a side note, the gratuity for a group that size is included.<br><br>The layout of high ceiling, exposed brick walls and an open-concept kitchen is fun (if not overplayed ). \'a0At <br>1:00pm the restaraunt seemed to be packed with young professionals catching up with old friends. \'a0It&#39;s lively and a little loud (in a good way).<br><br>We shared a number of dishes. \'a0I tried the Mafalde Funghi pasta (mushrooms), a Margarita Pizza, a Branzino (fish and oh so good) and the Cavolo Nero salad. The food ranged from good to excellent.<br><br>The salad was remarkably refreshing and had a good balance of flavours. \'a0The pasta was savory and filling and the pizza was above average if not amazing.<br><br>The Branzino looked to be grilled with some olive oil and served on a small bed of veggies. \'a0It was nice and simple.<br><br>For dessert I had cannoli and a double espresso. \'a0 The coffee was rich and had a distinct flavour (befitting of any self-respecting Italian restaurant). \'a0The cannoli could have been better. \'a0The cream cheese filling just doesn&#39;t measure up to the rest of the meal. <br><br>Will definately come back to Gusto next time I am in the area or to catch up with an old friend.\
This restaurant is a go-to of mine that I can always count on. They serve up tried and true dishes that always taste delicious and are filled with flavour! <br><br>Be aware, wait times can be pretty long at this spot. It is not uncommon to be told that you will have to wait 45 mins at the door. I suggest getting here before the dinner buzz comes in (and I promise it&#39;s worth it). The atmosphere is lively, the restaurant is industrial chic, and the service is impeccable. <br><br>As most will note, the mafalde ai funghi is a must try. The truffle cream sauce is to die for. You can&#39;t go wrong with this signature dish. Another favourite of mine is the prosciutto e rucola. This pizza is the perfect blend of ingredients. And don&#39;t forget to share the burrata as a starter! This creamy delectable cheese will make you feel like you are truly in Italy. <br><br>10/10 spot. Will be coming back again soon.\
Great place, great upstairs rooftop, solid mushroom pasta that I wound up craving even after. They have many good options too. Lovely place to hang on a summer day.\
It was my sisters birthday and we decided to come by Gusto&#39;s. The upper seating area is what makes this place very special. It has a very bright and open atmosphere. We got a few drinks, of course there&#39;s no way we&#39;d pass on the sangria. It was very good, more fruity than usual. For myself, I decided that I&#39;d have the margarita pizza. Pretty basic compared to the other items on the menu but it was so delicious. The red sauce was sweet and the thin dough was not overly chewy like other pizzerias. I did have a taste of the tuscan fries and they were pretty good but there&#39;s nothing too basic about those sides. To top off the meal I got the tiramisu, which was not bad but it did have a weird consistency. I found it a bit to thick and chewy. To sum up, Gusto&#39;s serves top quality food in a bright and welcoming atmosphere.\
Gusto101 is one of my go-to restaurants and never disappoints. It is usually packed but the food, vibes, and cute patio are worth it.<br><br> Their signature pasta dish, the mafalde al funghi is a bit over hyped but is so creamy and delicious. Another hidden gem is their lasagna which I got as one of their specials of the day. You also can&#39;t go wrong with $1/oz house wine!\
Nice place to eat, great food and has a good amount of items on the menu. If you intend on going for brunch, the earlier the better as it&#39;s always busy at Gusto 101.\
Had a great time at Gusto101 with my family for a weekend bday brunch. The service was excellent! Ok, the bread tho! I love bread and had to stop from eating the entire basket before my meal arrived. \'a0 We all ordered the burger and fries which was thumbs up and filling (I took half home with me. I probably should have backed off the bread basket!\uc0\u8205 ). \'a0My cousin&#39;s tiramisu dessert also arrived with candle and four spoons because we all needed to sample it (it was delicious btw).<br><br>Loved the friendly, laidback vibe of this spot. It was busy but I didn&#39;t feel like I was in a super loud busy place at all. <br><br>We got there at 11:30 Sunday brunch session. For popular brunch and dining spots in the city (especially when there is sunshine and large patio available...) I try to go to brunch early so I can enjoy the space before it starts getting super busy around 12!and 1pm. Gusto101 was no exception. It&#39;s spacious with a front patio, main and upper level spaces and the place was a steady hum of conversation and people through the lunch hour. <br><br>I did have trouble making my reservations for 4 online - the system only seemed to allow for bookings of 3 and not 4. I had to call the restaurant directly. My call was returned quickly and I got it done. <br><br>This was my first time there and will have to return again before the summer is up.<br><br>The washrooms are downstairs so if you or your companion has mobility challenges I would suggest you contact the restaurant first to check out how accessible the space on a whole is. <br><br>Hope this is helpful!\
We arrived on time for our Monday 11:30am reservation - party of 7. At around noon, the restaurant was PACKED (mostly working professionals) - and rightfully so! Food, service, and vibe were all 5 stars in my book.<br><br>We went a little overboard with the apps for the table: <br>* house-baked foccacia bread bucket x 2 - seriously addicting, but would taste even better if it was complimentary :P<br>* burrata served with sweet heirloom tomatoes and fragrant olive oil<br>* mushroom bruschetta (one per person) - MUST-GET!! cheesy, crunchy, and full of umami flavor<br><br>For entrees, most of us ordered the signature pasta dish: truffle funghi, which was creamy, indulgent, and perfect for carb-lovers. Portion was generous, so I&#39;d recommend sharing esp. if you plan to go ham on the starters like we did.<br><br>Service was friendly, attentive, and accommodating. For example, they were able to serve 7 pieces of bruschetta even when standard order came in 3 pieces. We had a complicated check split request, and they showed no qualms about it. I&#39;m looking forward to carb-loading here again the next time I&#39;m in town.\
This place never disappoints. \'a0The pasta is cooked like I grew up with....al dente. \'a0Had the mushroom pasta with the octopus app and really liked the olive tapenade the best.\
Came here for brunch and were seated at the upper level which was gorgeous on a sunny day. Seriously needed shades.<br><br>I had the EGGS IN PURGATORIO, which was great. Not as heavy as most brunches tend to be. Couldn&#39;t finish the last (third) piece of bread, so much food!<br><br>Shared the nutella pancake (I believe? can&#39;t see it on current menu but it was BOMB) and that was the best life decision I made that day.\
This was a really nice restaurant. Had a great rooftop patio with nice comfortable chairs. I tried the Octopus and it tasted great. Very impressed.}