{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 "3 stars for the food \
0 for the Service\'85 \
They gotta do something about the Service! Celebrated my friends birthday , the restaurant was not busy at all\'85 we were seated for quite some time until I had to ask if we had a server\'85...\'93 I was told , yeah it\'92s the same person that came to your table and I said * no one has come to our table*\'94apparently that was offensive cause this sassy fella came to our table and without any warm greetings or welcomes he said \'93 what can I get\'85\'94 lol what can I get!!! we weren\'92t checked on at all considering there was 10+ people working but at the end they have the audacity to give us the payment machine and ask for a 20,22,25% tip! Good luck with that\'85 \
\
(some positive notes) The food! It\'92s actually really great and that\'92s why we keep going back! BELIEVE ME its not the for the service or the uncomfortable metal cafeteria chairs! its for the food!!! so hats off and gratitude to everyone in the kitchen!MoreCiao, thank you for taking some time to leave us some honest feedback. We are so sorry to hear our service was not as exceptional as your previous visits. This does not reflect the Gusto standard we uphold by. This review has been passed along...More"\
It was my first time trying this restaurant, the interior is very industrious and unique. As an appetizer my friend and I tried the Cavoletti Di Bruxelles which were crispy brussel sprouts. As my main I tried the Mafalde Ai Funghi which had portobello, porcini,...oyster mushrooms, and truffle cream sauce. My friend tried the Calamarta which had shrimp, chili and pomodoro. Overall, everything was extremely tasty!MoreCiao, thank you so much for choosing to dine with us and for leaving a wonderful 5-star review. We are so happy to hear you enjoyed your dining experience with us from the food to the atmosphere We hope to see you again to grab...More\
"It's so rare to find a restaurant where the food is top notch. Here our expectations were not only met but exceeded. Top quality ingredients that really make a difference. We had pasta, pizza and stuffed zucchini flowers.\
Great service. Lot's of outdoor seating. Opens...at 4pm.\
\
If I was to suggest an improvement it would be soften up the image. More subtle music. It has a rowdy kind of appeal and not many people would anticipate such great cuisine at this type of establishment. I know it's an old car garage but maybe go with a roaring twenties kind of vibe. Anyways, just a suggestion.\
\
Thanks for a great dining experience which come few and far between,MoreCiao Ivana, thank you for taking the time to leave us an excellent 5-star review. We are so happy to hear you enjoyed our exceptional dining service outdoors from our food to our decor. We appreciate your honest feedback. This review has been passed to...More"\
The restaurant advertises that they have Gluten Free options. I have Celiac disease, and although they have gluten free pasta, all the protein is cooked in a cross contaminated grill. When I asked if they could prepare any type of protein in a separate pan....The answer was simply "No". Zero apology or any effort made to accommodate. Very disappointing, so the pasta alone left me hungry and unsatisfied.MoreCiao Odonoghueneal, thank you for taking the time to leave us some honest feedback regarding your experience with us. We are so sorry to hear our serving staff had not provided much help with your dietary restriction. We apologize for the lack of options provided....More\
"Decided to try Gusto 101 last night with my girlfriend, via a reservation made a week earlier. The reservation was for 4:00pm, so we arrived a few minutes earlier to only find ourselves being starred at from closed doors until after 4:00pm. \
\
The tables of...seated staff,  looked at us through the closed doors and did not attempt to inform or gesture that they needed a few more minutes, but rather, turned and laughed with amusement.\
\
When we were finally let in, after 4:00pm, we were told that our seats were on the upper floor in the partially covered terrace; it was cold and uncomfortable. Our waiter was not very informative, even after we asked for further explanation of the menu; rather, the name of the dish was simply repeated and we were looked at as if no explanation was needed; for example, lasagna. No explanation or details of the sauce etc.\
\
The overall look and feel of the place is quite nice and has a young, hip feel. The food we tried, the lasagna and some shrimp dish with noodles that resemble calamari is a generous rating of 3 out of 5, but the drinks were well made; such a shame management has fallen short on service.\
\
We will not return -MoreCiao Paul, thank you for taking the time to leave us an honest review regarding your experience. We want to sincerely apologize for this unacceptable behavior that was shown. This review has been passed to the head office management team for revision. Please kindly email...More"\
My girlfriend and I searched the Top 25 spots to eat in Toronto and this spot was on the list.  There is a huge glass roof patio on the second floor, but we ate on the main level which boasts an industrial warehouse atmosphere, but...was still quite cozy.  I enjoyed the Diavola Pizze (spicy sun dried tomato pesto, smoked provolone, calabrese salami, and roasted peppers).  My girlfriend enjoyed the Mafalde Ai Funghi paste (portobello, porcini, oyster mushrooms, truffle cream sauce).  They boast a good selection of Italian wines.  We enjoyed a bottle of the Pinot Nero in Bianca.  The service was amazing, and the staff was friendly and knowledgeable.MoreCiao Jobsy, thank you for taking the time to leave us an amazing  5-star review! We are so happy you chose to dine with us. It sounds like you had an amazing time from our amazing staff, atmosphere, service, and delicious food. We hope to...More\
"Picture this - you wait 45mins to get into Gusto. Upon being seated you're told you have 90mins to dine, yet wait almost an hour for your food.\
\
When your food comes it's missing the appetizers. ""You ordered apps?"" the server says. ""Yes... We did""....You then get to eat your apps for dessert. \
\
The server doesn't bring out pepper, chili oil, or anything else you asked for. After reasking he eventually drops it off, and lets you do the work yourself. You're getting used to this as you haven't had a water refill all night. You also haven't been asked how your food is by a single person.\
\
Since it's your friend's birthday you ask what they do for birthdays. ""We give you a candle on the dessert you buy... But ONLY if you buy one"". OK...\
\
You decide that you'll never return to Gusto again. UNLESS you're dragged there against your will.MoreCiao NickKozik, Thank you for taking the time to leave us some honest feedback. We are so sorry to hear your service was not more than exceptional. This review will be passed along to our head management team. Please kindly reach out to us at...More"\
"Came here to celebrate my friends birthday. Very small intimate birthday dinner for three of us. We were greeted by our server who was unimpressed and rude from the start. I was debating between the bolognese and a main dish and I was wondering which...was better and larger as it was my first time and I was starving ! He told me to order more food at once since he didn\'92t know what to recommend. We got drinks, Apps and our mains ordered right away. Our mains arrived 50 minutes after ordering. We asked where our apps where since the mains came out. The server was like \'85 what? You got apps. \
\
Our appetizers arrived halfway through our meal. We asked if we could get another mojito, a refill on water and some fresh ground pepper for our meals. He dropped off the pepper and walked away. A little unimpressed. As regulars at ORETTA,Gulietta and other Italian restaurants in toronto we were excited to come to Gusto. We will for sure not be returning .MoreCiao Ioanab659, thank you for taking the time to leave us an honest review. We are so sorry to hear that your experience was not up to your standards. This does not sound like our Gusto vision or steps or service being followed. Please kindly...More"\
The management was horrible not to mention they lied to us on multiple occasions about how many people were coming in (we tried to get re-seated as we were beside the door and it was freezing because it\'92s winter); but they kept lying and making...excuses about why they wouldn\'92t move us.MoreCiao Sierra, thank you so much for taking the time to leave us some feedback. We are so sorry to hear you felt this way. Please kindly email us regarding your experience at reservation@gusto54.com. Looking forward to hearing from you.\
"The food and our server were good.\
\
Sadly, the manager was very rude at the end of our dinner. It appeared we were the last people in the restaurant about ten minutes before their  close and were urgently rushed to exit the premises. We completely...understand that people have their own plans and it\'92s tedious to have two guests left but if they could have spared ten to fifteen minutes for us to finish our drinks that would have been nice.\
\
All in all a fine dinner but unfortunately the end put a damper on the whole experience. We probably won't return to this restaurant.MoreCiao, thank you for taking the time to leave us an honest review. We are so sorry to hear you felt rushed during your experience with us. Please kindly email us more our your experience at reservations@gusto54.com. Looking forward to hearing from you."\
"with all the great reviews i had hoped for something wonderful.   thurs evening dinner ended up being such a frustrating experience.  great ambiance, but the service was so poor i still shiver as i am writing this days later.  the food was average no better...than any other italian food i could have ordered anywhere else in the gta but the service was what i was disappointed in.  i am not sure if the men servicing the restaurant were owners or just conceited and acted like they owned the place, either way it is a shame as it is a matter of time before time runs out on their arrogance.\
good luck gusto101 - service with courtesy, smile and want if you want to survive this doggie dog restaurant world.MoreCiao Simas, thank you for taking the time to leave us a review. We are so sorry to hear that you receive such poor service that is not part of our service standards. Please kindly email us at reservations@gusto54.com to talk more about your experience."\
I had mushroom pasta that was undercooked and the sauce was overpowering..  also the food was not hot.. I focaccia bread was really good. It used to be really good back in the day..Ciao, thanks so much for taking the time to review.  We're sorry to hear the food isn't quite how you remember it and would love to hear more about your experience.  Please email us at reservations@gusto54.com, we look forward to hearing from you.\
An excellent Italian restaurant with amazing staff. The food here was great. And the tiramisu was amazing.Ciao, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THE AMAZING REVIEW! Hope to see you again soon!\
"First time here was last Christmas for a small (7-8 people) work/team holiday party. Pleasant surprised by how great the dishes were! We ordered a wide range of items from burgers, pastas, different apps, etc., and everything was great! The atmosphere was very nice as...well, although it was a bit too loud for me personally (but VERY understandable! and everyone was having fun!). \
\
I have since ordered pasta takeouts since dine-in was closed. Food was great and the staff was very friendly.  \
\
Overall good experience and would certainly recommend!More"\
"The First day opening after a 4 month close from COVID 19..... Matteo and his team just Rocked it.... my family and I were greeted with enthusiasm and a warm Welcome along with ALL SAFETY PRECAUTIONS IN PLACE FOR US TOO ENJOY THE EXPERIENCE... The...staff were masked up but glowing with excitement and over achieving there goals too make it exciting for all the guests... we are usually A Yorkville Restaurants regulars .... But Gusto101 ...Took it too the NEXT LEVEL.... BRAVO MATTEO & Team!! Both my daughters  19 & 15 loved the food and atmosphere!!\uc0\u55356 \u57286 \u10084 \u65039 \u55356 \u57286 \
We absolutely enjoyed the MAFALDE AI FUNGHI pasta, diavolo Pizza... TAGLIATELLE pasta.... with an out of this world Sangria\uc0\u55356 \u57207 \u55356 \u57207 ....MoreCiao, thanks so much for the glowing review!  We're so pleased to hear that you and your family enjoyed your time with us at Gusto 101.  We're very excited to be back and look forward to you joining us again on our patio for some...More"\
"Excellent modern Italian restaurant in a great location downtown TO. \
\
We started with the Burrata appetizer which was delicious. It did have anchovies which added a great flavour but I\'92m sure they could make it without. \
I had a glass of the house wine which...More"\
I was looking for some great Italian places to try out in Toronto and this place caught my attention. The reservation is recommended here. We missed our reservation. So, we had to sit in patio area on the roof near the bar. The other option...MoreCiao, thank you for taking the time to leave us an amazing 5-star review! We are so happy to hear you enjoyed our dimly lit ambience, well-trained staff and delicious food menu. Looks like you selected all our gusto crowd favourite picks. We hope to...More\
Three friends enjoyed a birthday Sunday Brunch.  Food and service were very good.  Poached eggs were perfectly prepared, as were pancakes and frittata. Look forward to returning to sample their interesting dinner menu.MoreCiao, thank you for taking the time to leave us a great review. We are so pleased to hear you enjoyed our brunch service with great food and service. Thanks for raving about our perfectly prepared poached eggs, frittata and pancakes. Looking forward to your...More\
We walked over to this spot on Portland St after skating on this +6 degrees January day. It was bustling! But we got a table for two which was close to another couple. However, we couldn\'92t really hear them. Due to the cheerful chatter and...MoreCiao, thank you for taking the time to leave us a detailed review. We are so pleased to hear you enjoyed your time with us, sounds like you had an amazing time from our cheerful atmosphere, our amazing staff and our delicious and visually pleasing...More\
Look, there's a 100 character minimum but this could be my shortest review ever: get the mushroom pasta. Seriously, don't question it, just get it. It's absolutely heavenly. Even if you don't like mushrooms (like me) you will love this pasta. It's pretty much perfect.Ciao Adam, thank you for taking the time to leave us a great review! We are so happy to hear you rave about our absolutely heavenly mushroom pasta! We hope to see you again soon :) !\
Group lunch for 11. Christmas lunch with reservations.  Friendly staff and ready to seat us upon arrival.  Various dishes ordered and all were very good. You are able to order the house red or white wine and pay $1 per ounce.  Overall experience was very...MoreCiao, thank you for taking the time to leave us a review. We are so happy to hear you chose to dine in with us for your Christmas lunch party and enjoyed our friendly staff, delicious food and tasty house-made red and white wine. Sounds...More\
"Spearheading the Queen Portland corridor, Gusto 101 brings a rustic flair and authentic taste of Italy to Toronto. This one time garage transformed into rustic kitchen boost wall to wall tables and elbow to elbow chairs yet nothing to complain about. \
\
Be sure to take...MoreCiao Josh, thank you for taking the time to leave us a wonderful 5-star review. We are so pleased to hear you praise about our beautiful rustic flair interior environment and delicious food. We will definitely pass along these beautifully written words to our gusto...More"\
"Excelent italian cuisine!   \
\
Was at a work trip and went there for lunch, the rigatoni was amazing, but very small portion, be ready to order antipasti\'92s to complementMoreCiao Rafael, thank you for taking the time to leave us a great review. We are so pleased to hear in your eyes we are an excellent Italian cuisine and enjoyed our amazing rigatoni. It sounds like you had a great time with your colleagues....More"\
"Food might be fine... if you can tolerate the \'93ambiance\'94.  Tables are crammed together. I was sitting closer to the person at the next table than my wife across from me.  Ridiculously loud... come here if you like to shout with your companions. \
\
Ambiance: 0/5...MoreCiao, thank you for taking the time to leave us a review. We are so sorry to hear your experience was ruined because of the ambiance of the restaurant. We would suggest coming in during our lunch service on weekdays between Monday-Wednesday. It is more...More"\
My son took me here for my birthday. We got in on a Monday night with no reservation which was a good thing. Waited about 10 minutes before someone approached us. Group was seated beside us after we were seated and server took their drink...MoreCiao Cheryl, thank you for taking the time to leave us a review. We are so pleased to hear you enjoyed our food and service. We absolutely apologize that you did not feel acknowledged by our servers once you and your guests were seated, that...More\
Went to celebrate my son's passing a licencing exam. Seven of us in our party, all of the  entree's were cold, when waitress brought the bill she advised me there was a 18% gratuity already added in, plus there was a also a gratuity tax....MoreCiao Steven, thank you for taking the time to write us review. We are sorry to hear you felt this way. We would love to speak with you more about your experience, please send us an email to reservations@gusto54.com. We look forward to hearing from...More\
"Two levels with an open concept atmosphere frequented by a younger clientele and reservations necessary. With a party of five and shared pizzas and burrata cheese. The pizza crust was just ok and have had better while the burrata cheese was pricey. We all had...MoreCiao Paul, thank for taking the time to leave us some feedback. We are sorry to hear your pizza crust was just ok,  our burrata was pricey and the temperature of food was not hot. This is definitely not up to our service standards. \
But,...More"\
Went for Brunch with the kids for my Sons birthday. Food and service are always great, very fresh , you have to have the kale saladMoreCiao David, thank you for taking time to leave us a 5-star review. Sounds like you had an amazing time during our Brunch service for your son's birthday. We are pleased to hear our food and service is always great and fresh, definitely what we...More\
Every experience I've had here was great. The food is amazing. I often crave their Brussels sprouts and make the trip just for them.MoreCiao Candace, thank you for taking the time to leave us a wonderful 5-star review. We are so pleased to hear you are a constant returning guest! Thank you for coming back for the great experiences and our tasty worth the trip Brussel Sprouts. Thank...More\
"I was at nearby hospital and looked for a good Italian restaurant and found Gusto 101.\
\
Roz our server was great. Food came up fast and hot. Very tasty and an awesome decide and vibe to the placeMoreCiao Smith, thank you for taking the time to leave us a wonderful 5-star review. We are so pleased to hear you enjoyed your time with us. Receiving exceptional service from Roz, getting fast, hot and tasty delicious food immediately and enjoying our awesome atmosphere....More"\
On attempting to make a reservation to Gusto,I was told they were not taking anymore for the evening .However, if we just showed up before the 6-8 pm rush more than likely we would be accommodated.  So we did,and literally were escorted to a table...MoreCiao, thank you for taking the time to leave us a wonderful 5-star detailed review. We are so pleased you hear you enjoyed your time with us, sounds like you had an exceptional time with us. Very amazing compliments of the beautifully paced dinner, divine...More\
Visited Gusto on Saturday evening in a party of 6 -- was surprised that an 18% tip + another tax on the tip was automatically added for a such a small group. Is it typical for this restaurant to assume an 18% tip for all...MoreThank you for taking the time to leave us a review. As it states on our menu, groups of more than 6 guests have an automatic 18% gratuity on the bill. If you like, you can send us your bill and we can absolutely take...More\
I decided to dine at this restaurant primarily because they have cacio e pepe on the menu, and I love this Italian dish! And they did not disappoint. While the dish was not quite up to the dishes I've had in Italy, it was quite...MoreCiao Dotty, thank you for taking the time to leave us a 5-star review. We are so happy to hear you enjoyed your experience with us. Sounds like you had an amazing time with us. Hope to see you again soon.\
My boyfriend and I have been to Gusto twice the past week, and we loved it both times! We hadn\'92t booked a table, but we got seats at the bar and that was also fine - if you want a regular table, you should book....MoreCiao Andrea, Thank you so much for taking the time to leave us a 5-star review. We are so pleased to hear you enjoyed your experience with us. Thanks for choosing to dine with us again. We are looking forward to your next visit. :)\
Me and my friend went and the server suggested the mushroom pasta as their signature dish. Wow - was not disappointed. Get it if you go! Only thing was the service was a little weak, but the food made up for it because of how...MoreThank you for taking the time to leave us a review. We are so pleased to hear you enjoyed our crowd favourite mushroom pasta. We are so sorry to hear that the service was a little weak, definitely not our standard way of service. We...More\
Was looking forward to visiting this restaurant, as it has a lovely outdoor patio and a very lively atmosphere inside. I came here around 6:30pm on a Sunday with a friend for a bite to eat, and we were seated right away even though the...MoreHi there Riley, thank you for your overall nice feedback about our fast and friendly service. But we are so sorry to hear that you did not enjoy your meal. It is not up to our standards to be sending out burnt food, we will...More\
We were visiting Toronto for the day, when dinner time came we didn\'92t know where to eat. We decided to start walking a just pick somewhere. I\'92m glad we chose Gusto 101! The pizza and cocktails were amazing. The service was very friendly and efficient...MoreThank you Samantha for visiting us during your stay here in Toronto. We are so glad to hear that you enjoyed our pizzas, cocktails and friendly service staff. Thank you again for taking the time to leave us a wonderful five star review.\
We went there for a work dinner and sat on the top patio which was very nice. Ambience was very good and the server was very friendly and prompt. I had the pizza which was very good. Others had the special which was lamb meat...MoreCiao, thank you for taking the time to write us a review. Glad to hear you enjoyed our atmosphere, friendly staff and tasty food. We hope to see you again soon. For future reference to book a reservation, you can call us at 416-504-9669 from...More\
We had 3 gluten free and dairy free people with us. The pasta dishes for them were very tasty with broccoli rabe for sides. Plus grilled salmon was great too.  The non gluten free in our group had the margarita pizzas fries and assorted salads....MoreWe are so happy to hear you enjoyed our tasty broccoli, salmon and margarita pizzas. Thank you for taking the time to leave us a five star review. Hope to see you again soon.\
Cocktails were okay, own brand of wine was okay but reasonably priced. The food though - amazing!! Will definitely be going back!! And I recommend everyone adding Gusto 101 to the list of go-to restaurants! You will not be disappointed.Thank you for your lovely 5 star review Barb. We are so pleased to hear you enjoyed your experience. Looking forward to seeing you again :)\
Great food and atmosphere. So glad we found Gusto while we visited Toronto. The staff was attentive and fun! Great pizze!Ciao Laurie, We are so glad to hear you enjoyed your experience here at Gusto 101. Hope to see you again soon.\
Went with a group of friend hoping to have a great night. The place is nice and the urban vive is cool but there are many place in the city that can offer that. We were sitted in the upper patio, and was so loud...MoreThank you for taking the time to write us a detailed review. We are sorry to hear that your experience was not exceptional. We assure we are giving our best to serve every customer with exceptional service. We apologize that you were not satisfied with...More\
"This place is great! Food was so good! Kids had pizza and the atmosphere is perfect! \
We love the mushroom gluten free pasta and the fries to start with. Cocktails were also really good.Thanks so much for taking the time to visit us! We are so glad to hear that you enjoyed our mushroom gluten free pasta, fries and cocktails. We hope to see you again soon."\
"So good went back the next night!!!!\
We spent 6 nights in Toronto and 2 of them were at Gusto. It\'92s very crowded so go early or ask if there\'92s room at the bar, upstairs or down. Upstairs is an open rooftop bar and the...MoreWOW! Thank you so much Lauren so taking the time to write us an exceptional review. \
We are so glad to hear you enjoyed your meal with us. Sounds like you had an amazing experience with us. We are looking forward to your next visit...More"\
We visited this establishment for a second time downtown, and I was not disappointed. The food is consistently good, but seating (as well as parking$) can be an issue. Both levels on entering at street level are packed quickly, particularly for wood-oven pizza orders. The...MoreThank you for joining us at Gusto 101! We are happy to hear that you enjoyed your food- like the pizza and the pasta! We do have an accessible washroom on the main floor for future note! Looking forward to your next visit. :)\
"Loud, cramped, over crowded and chaotic which, being an Italian restaurant, all adds to the charm!!\
The staff were lovely and we were seated, having turned up without a reservation, promptly even though they were busy! The pizzas were lovely!!! Well worth visiting if you...MoreAndrew! For a moment you scared me!\
I'm glad you enjoyed the craziness that is Gusto101. \
We are happy you believe it adds to the charm! \
We hope to see you again soon for some pizza!"\
"Had the grilled octopus. Relatively small portion, tasty and quite tender.\
The diavola pizza was good. Thin crust was great, a bit spicy.\
The best - malfade di funghi was amazing - creamy sauce, great flavours, al dente pasta - highly recommended.\
This place was...MoreThank you so much for he detailed review!\
We are glad you enjoyed the diavola, grilled octopus and the malfade! \
We hope to see you again soon!"\
I heard this place was great and to try the pasta with mushrooms..fungi.  the restaurant was very nice looking..very modern..the servers clad in t shirts and denim shorts were nice..and casual.  The mushroom pasta was mediocre and hard to maneuver with lasagna type noodles..it came...MoreHi there, Susan. Thanks for taking the time to review your experience. We are sorry to hear that you were disappointed in the portion sizes. We do our best to make sure you are receiving fresh-made meals with quality ingredients. We are sorry to hear...More\
We did not have a reservation and had to wait over 40 minutes for a table (which we thought was normal), but the table was not licensed so we could not order drinks. Despite that, the server brought us a drinks menu (to tease us?)...MoreHi there, thanks for taking the time to review your experience! We are sorry to hear that it was not 5-stars! The front patio at Chubby's is sadly not licensed at this time, you certainly should have been informed of this by our host team...More\
Arriving on a hot summer day, Gusto 101 had all its windows open making the location a very comfortable temperature. Very busy place for dinner but I found a nice seat at the bar upstairs. Bartender was very helpful about the menu and there was...MoreThank you so much for joining us ta Gusto 101! We are so happy to hear that you enjoyed everything, from the atmosphere to the pasta :) Hope to see you again soon!\
We were lucky enough to get a spot at this great place. Excellent food. We sat on the second level. Very attentive staff. Amazing drinks. Especially love the Aperol Spritz designates glasses. Pizza is top notch. Buratta and grilled octopus very good. I had a...MoreGrazie! We are so happy to hear that you enjoyed your meal, and the Aperol Spritzes!\
This place has a great rooftop which we really enjoyed on a warm and sunny Thursday evening. The best part however was the mafalde ai funghi pasta - it was DELICIOUS! I will go back just for that dish. The service could have been better...MoreThanks for joining us at Gusto 101! So happy to hear that you enjoyed one of our signature dishes- the Mafalde ai Funghi!\
Having just arrived in Toronto (from another country), we choose to go to Gusto 101 and grab some dinner. The place was PACKED (on a Tuesday evening...not sure if they had some special event going on or if this is normal for them?) so we...MoreThanks so much for choosing Gusto 101 as your first stop in Toronto. We are so glad to hear you enjoyed your pizza and wine! I recommend coming in during the week between 3:00 and 6:00 for a quieter meal.\
Cool location, cool staff, great food and atmosphere. Washrooms are dungeon dark but all else is amazing.  Highly recommended mushroom pasta is out of this world.Thanks so much for joining us! So glad to hear you enjoyed your meal :)\
As usual I had one of the few vegan options available to me, the Cavolfiori. Luckily it was as amazing as always. Service was great as well, the only issue I had was more uncomfortable it is upstairs and how loud it can beWe are so happy to hear that you enjoyed your most recent visit to Gusto 101! Thanks so much for coming back!\
I can\'92t tell you enough how amazing the mushroom pasta is. If you are undecided on what to order- I\'92ll help you. Order the mushroom pasta- you will not be sorry! I am visiting Toronto and will be dreaming of that meal when I\'92m home...MoreGrazie! We are so happy to hear you enjoyed the Mafalde ai Funghi, a menu item that has been on our menu since we opened our doors! Hope to see you again for more next time you are in Toronto.\
My friend and I ate here while on a business trip in Toronto. The food was even better than we expected. The restaurant was really busy, so we had to eat at the bar. The guys at the bar were very attentive. Drinks were great,...MoreThank you for joining us at Gusto 101! We are happy to hear that you enjoyed your meal, and felt taken care of by our lovely bar team. Hope to see you again next time!\
We ate a meal as foursome on a Friday evening and had a very pleasant time. The place was heaving with an overwhelmingly young clientele. This is not sophisticated dining. The food is good, service pleasant and efficient but a menu dominated by fast food...MoreHi there, thank you so much for taking the time to review your experience at Gusto 101. We are happy to hear that you thought your pasta was tasty :)\
"On a recent trip to Toronto had dinner at Gusto 101.  What a fab place to dine.  The place has a buzzing atmosphere, the staff are attentive and friendly and the food is delicious.  I can highly recommend this restaurant.\
Thank you to everyone who...MoreHi Shelley!\
\
Thank you so much for choosing Gusto 101! \
We are thankful you enjoyed our buzzing atmosphere and thought that our food was delicious!\
We hope to see you again soon and thanks again! \
:)"\
"Coincidental trips brought my brother in law and myself to Toronto at the same time, and schedules allowed for us to meet for a quick lunch nearby.\
\
Gusto was busy and animated with a happy vibe, and it's a great spot for some traditional italian...MoreWe are so glad to have been able to host your brother and yourself for a mini reunion in Toronto! Thank you so much for the lovely words on the pasta and wine! We hope to see the both of you next time you are...More"\
Casual trendy atmosphere makes the sophisticated and unique menu choices even more of a wonderful surprise.  The food  is promptly prepared from quality fresh ingredients and presented by attentive, friendly,  client focused staff.  Recommended .Thank you for joining us at Gusto 101! We are so happy to hear you enjoyed everything, from the atmosphere to the menu choices. :) Looking forward to seeing you again!!\
This place was absolutely buzzing with a hip downtown crowd for brunch on a weekend! The menu isn't your typical breakfast place, so if you just want your typical 2 eggs/bacon/home fries, this isn't your place. But the omelette was very good and the kale...MoreThank you for recommending Gusto 101 for brunch! Our brunch menu offers an Italian take on Toronto's favourite meal time! We are so happy to hear you enjoyed your experience, and hope to see you again!\
Attentive service, very busy place even at 5:30pm.  The pizza was outstanding with great basil leaves.Thank you so much! We are so happy to enjoyed your pizza at Gusto 101!\
Beer and wine and food overpriced. Good atmosphere but loud.  Great servers. Ordered 750 ml beer without seeing menu so = about 2 beers. $26.00 WOW Crazy beer and wine prices. Food is slightly overpriced too. Table mixup left us waiting for 20 min too...MoreHi there Norm, we appreciate you taking the time to review your experience at Gusto 101. These reviews are so helpful in reminding us of areas we could improve on for future guests. The drink and food prices are something we find to be on...More\
Good service, good wine, and good pizza. Bar countertop very dirty, easily could see prior diners' crumbs and spills.  Disappointed that cleaning the countertop had to be a request and is not a regular priority.  Wish some of the daily specials were part of the...MoreCiao, Thank you for letting us know! We try our best to upkeep the restaurant before, during and after service! We will certainly bring this to our team, and ensure going forward that is more properly monitored. We appreciate when guests such as yourself do...More\
Great reliable American Italian spot. Maffaldi pasta is a must try along with their pizzas. 1$ ounce wine also can\'92t be beat!Grazie Bianca! See you again soon for more pizza and wine :)\
Flavours you will find in all that you eat at this happening place. Calamari, fish, chicken, pizza, deserts - all has its own delicious tang that will delight your palet.Hi there, Josee, thanks so much for the 5 star review! We re so happy you chose to dine at Gusto 101 and hope to see you again soon!\
Was my first time here with friends, Thursday evening. The place was packed, already at the entrance we had trouble hearing the hostess. This is my only remark - if you are looking for a place to have a decent conversation or just not to...MoreCiao, thanks so much for joining us at Gusto 101! We are happy to hear you enjoyed your meal, and that everything was fantastic!! We look forward to your return :) Sometimes the restaurant can be a little quieter in the afternoon, between 3:00pm and...More\
Loved the food and service.    The place was bustling!  Great atmosphere.  Food came out quickly and was delicious \uc0\u55357 \u56843 !.  The drinks were a lot slower to come out. Before lunch and after lunch.  Also my only other complaint would be the horrible smell from the...MoreHi there, Thanks for reviewing Gusto 101! We are so happy to hear you enjoyed your meal. We are sorry about your washroom experience, this is certainly not typical and we hope your next visit to our washrooms is more pleasant!\
I shared the omelette, with crispy potatoes, and kale and the mushroom bruschetta. It was all delicious, I'd really recommend the bruschetta!We are happy to hear you enjoyed your brunch! We serve brunch on Saturdays and Sundays between 11am and 4pm! Hope to see you next time :)\
"So I\'92ve been to Gusto three times now. \
\
First of all regardless of the time or how busy they are I\'92ve always had top notch service. Knowledgeable staff that have always had time to answer any questions or make thoughtful suggestions. \
\
Second the decor -...MoreThis is amazing, Todd! We are so happy you noticed the little design touches that make Gusto 101 feel special! You're right, that Kale Salad is delicious- it is something that has been on our menu since we opened, and one of our consistent top...More"\
"Gusto 101 is an Italian restaurant serving Southern Italian classics located on Portland and King Street.  I remember vaguely a long time ago stopping by with friends and wanting to dine in but they didn\'92t have a spot for us as drop-ins.\
\
B had booked...MoreCiao, Thank you for taking the time to write such a detailed and thoughtful review. We are so lucky to have patrons who give us useful feedback about the service, atmosphere and food. We are happy to hear you particularly enjoyed the Octopus, a definite...More"\
Dining in an former industrial garage which has been repurposed to this cool restaurant. We went on a Sunday night and the place was packed but the noise level was good. Great comfort food and on sundays a lasagne special that hit the spot. House...MoreThank you for joining us Paulie, we are so pleased you had a chance to try our Sunday night lasagne- a perfect way to end the weekend. See you next time :)\
Every time I come to Toronto, I make it a point to come to Gusto 101.  The staff is tight and the manager pitches in as needed to keep the flow.  This place is slammed from start to finish and is very loud, both music...MoreWow! Thank you so much, Ray!! We are so happy to be able to host you every time you come to Toronto :) The Octopus is definitely a fan favourite :)\
Really nice atmosphere. Service was good not amazing. Very little interaction but the restaurant was so busy we didn\'92t mind. Food was delicious. We had a pizza & pasta dish & shared. Really nice experience overallMoreThanks so much for your review, Alicia! We are so glad to hear you were pleased with your meal and experience at Gusto 101. We always appreciate feedback and will be sure to pass yours along to our service team. Hope to have you again,...More\
"My only complaint: I've been here probably 50 times and no one seems to know me (they have a lot of staff tho haha) \
\
Amazing food, reasonably priced, great service. WINE ON TAP-- $1 per oz. It's their house red and white, not amazing by...MoreHi there Emma! \
\
Thank you for the lovely review! We do our best to remember everyone, sorry to hear that you feel this way... :( \
We most certainly value you as a guest at Gusto 101! Hope to see you again soon!"\
"Went for a work dinner. \
\
Good staff even though they didn\'92t get our booking right. \
\
Good was great. The bread was amazing as was my lamb ragu. Portion was quite small though and they forgot half my order to.MoreCiao and thanks so much for review Gusto 101! We are sorry to hear that your booking was wrong and order was forgotten, we hope it was able to be solved. We would love to see you again and give you the service you should...More"\
Please don't go here. Servers are very rude and food was undercooked. I ordered pizza which was more than $20. Bottom was so undercooked they put too much tomato sauce. Bread (not to mention completely burnt crust) was extremely soggy and disgusting and as a...MoreHi there, James. We're so sorry that your email was missed and want to assure you that your feedback has been passed along to our kitchen as well as our upper management team. We want to thank you for your review and the opportunity to...More\
We decided to done here based upon a hotel suggestion and we were not disappointed! The octopus appetizer was FANTASTIC. Branzino was delicious and the Scallops perfectly cooked. Three of us all enjoyed our meals very much. Service was terrific!  Arrive early as it becomes...MoreWe are so happy to hear this! The polipo (octopus) is one of our faves too! See you soon!\
As a group of 5 we turned up on a busy Sunday evening with no reservation. We had called to reserve but they were not taking any more reservations. We were accommodated and seated promptly which was a pleasant surprise. Very nice selection of Italian...MoreThanks so much for taking the time to write this review! We are so pleased to hear that you were happy with your meal and with the service you received! We will be sure to let our Pastry Chef know you thought her desserts are...More\
"Read up about Gusto, booked a lunch reservation for Saturday 1pm. Very excited to experience this restaurant. Well what a blow. We were seated, waited about 10 mins before any service staff noticed we were seated in their section, but was willing to overlook this....MoreCiao Celeste, \
\
We are so sorry to hear you felt misguided! Gusto 101 is in fact a Brunch only restaurant before 4:00 PM on both Saturday and Sunday, at which point we switch to our Dinner menu. Due to the size of our restaurant and...More"\
"Stopped here with some co workers for a great night of incredible food and drinks.  The menu has some great diversity, it\'92s not your token cheese sticks and spinach dip, this place is creative with their menu items.   \
\
The atmosphere is super chill, and relaxed....MoreThanks so much Peter! We are glad you were able to join us and that you enjoyed your meal!!"\
"On a cold Sunday we stopped just after opening. Do not seat too close to the door as nothing stops the chilly air.\
The Tagliata di manzo was quite good with a sunny side egg and on a bed of beans, but lacking a bit...MoreThanks so much for your detailed review! We are so glad you stopped by for Brunch :) I will be sure to pass along your comments to our chefs. :) Hope to see you again soon!"\
Three of us visited Gusto 101 on a busy Saturday night around 8 pm. It's my forth time here and the food and ambiance never disappoint. The mafalda (pasta) was amazing but always too small of a portion. We also shared the steak for 2...MoreThank you so much for joining us! We are so pleased to hear that your enjoyed your experience and that the steak was perfectly cooked! Can't wait to see you on your next visit :)\
"Fabulous Evening at Gusto 101\
Planned a surprise dinner for my Husband\'92s B\'92day (who is from the food industry) and some of our closest friend\'92s. I selected the Family Dinner Menu B and it was perfect from start to finish!\
The service was impeccable! Our...MoreAmazing! Thanks so much for choosing to celebrate with Gusto 101! We love sharing special moments with our guests, and it sounds like the Nonna Menu worked out perfectly for you. Hoping to see you again for your next event!"\
"Had a quick dinner here. We both had pizza which was very good. A busy restaurant with a good vibe. Service was prompt and friendly.Ciao Karen,\
Thank you for reviewing Gusto 101! We love to hear that you enjoyed your pizza, and you felt the service was friendly! Hope to see you again toon :)"\
"Visited this restaurant based on reviews from family who have eaten dinner there as well as online. We were a party of nine, ordered a variety of brunch options and with the exception of the coffees, not one of us enjoyed our meal. \
\
The options...MoreHi there Michelle, \
We are so sorry to hear about your disappointing experience. We will definitely be following up with our team about this, we appreciate you letting us know. This does not sounds reflective of the quality of food we offer at Gusto 101,...More"\
Bright comfortable patio, efficient, friendly service, tasty snacks, and great price on wine by the glassThanks so much for joining us! Hope to see you again for after-work drinks!\
"Tried out this restaurant for the first time last night for our anniversary. Service was great \'96 we were served on the patio by a gentleman (do not recall his name, straight brown hair) who was really kind and attentive. Food was delicious. We enjoyed...MoreCiao, thank you for choosing to celebrate with Gusto 101! We are happy to hear you enjoyed your service and thought the food was delicious.\
\
All of our desserts are made fresh daily by our lovely pastry chef. Gusto 101 is a restaurant that serves...More"\
"Delicious food and a high energy atmosphere. It\'92s noisy so it isn\'92t a place for quiet conversation. However the food is delicious, there are lots of great wines, and the servers know the menu extremely well.\
 The bread is made in house and is to...MoreThank you so much! We are happy to hear you enjoyed you meal and that the servers were on the ball! Hope to see you again in the near future!"\
The food was very good. Had great varieties of Italian fare. Very authentic and made like it was in Italy.Thank you Maxar, we are pleased to hear you enjoyed your meal! Please join us again soon :)\
Our Sunday afternoon walk to find Gusto 101 did not disappoint. We sat outside on the patio and had a thoroughly enjoyable lunch experience. Wait staff was friendly and accommodating and food was tasty and well presented.This is great to hear, thank you Terry! We are happy you chose to spend your Sunday afternoon with Gusto 101! We will be sure to let our team know how much your enjoyed your experience :)\
"Everything is good - but they need to revamp the pasta lineup.  With so many options, there pastas are too similar.  Put in a white seafood; spicy sausage/rapini.....\
Other than that - great vibe\
Love the rooftop patio\
One of my go to places for...MoreCiao and thank you for taking the time to let us know about your experience! We will certainly take your suggestion into consideration. We would love to see you for lunch again soon!"\
I found this restaurant back in 2012 and have been coming back since.  My go to dish is their Mafalde ai Funghi - DEEEELICIOUS!!  You will fall in love.  They have an awesome atmosphere as well which will always reel you back in.The Mafalda ai Funghi has been on our menu since we opened back in 2012! Sounds like you are pretty loyal fan, and we appreciate you! Hope to see you back again soon :)\
We came here for brunch on a Sunday around 12ish. It was already packed on the lower & upper patio so we sat at the bar on the upper patio. It was a bit cramped and not the most comfortable but we decided to stay...MoreHi there-- thank you for taking the time to let us know about your Brunch experience, and we are glad you enjoyed it! We do take reservations, call ahead to book at 416 504 9669 and we will be happy to assist you!\
Was waiting for a meeting when I walked past this restaurant. People love the patio, both upstairs and by the street. The food and drinks were good and reasonable. I actually was surprised the food was better than average. Would revisit.Thank you for letting us know, and for taking the time to walk in and check us out! We look forward to seeing you again soon :)\
While on my recent trip we came here while the men went to the baseball! What a fantastic roof top patio. The food was delicious and the wine was also very nice!! Our server (Cody I think his name was) was great! Always checking up...MoreWe love hosting a good girls night! And we are pleased to hear it was a great experience too. Can't wait to have you back again soon!\
Amazing food. Relaxing atmosphere. The kitchen staff are beast! They were just pumping food out. Fantastic work guys keep it upGrazie, Josh! Hope to see you again soon!\
"Was planing on a nice dinner with some friends on a Tuesday evening and the idea to try Gusto101 came up. We called but were told that no reservations can be made for the patio, so we headed down. We arrived at 18:30 and asked...MoreHi there,\
We are so sorry to hear you were not happy with your experience. At Gusto 101, we hope to make everyone who enters our doors feel welcomed, and like they are part of the famiglia! We try our best to accommodate all tables...More"\
We came here on aug 18/2019 and we were lucky to get seats immediately. They have a front patio and a rooftop one as well. The service was incredible. The staff is super trained, friendly and accommodating. The food was a different kind of experience,...MoreCiao, thank you for taking the time to leave us a great 5-star review. We are so pleased to hear you received incredible service from our super trained friendly staff and enjoyed our very fresh dishes. Hope to see you again soon! Grazie\
A bustling little restaurant on Portland Ave. Had a delicious charcuterie, great service, extensive wine menu. At the Kale Caesar Salad. Would recommend!Thank you for joining us! We are pleased to hear you enjoyed your experience :)\
What am amazing place, great vibes,  very casual relaxed dining with such a large age range. I went with my family (2 adults and 2 kids) and was nice to see other children and the older generation in this hip and happening place. Service was...MoreGrazie! We are so pleased you enjoyed your Gusto 101 experience! and thank you for recommending us! Please join us again next time you are in town for more signature Mafalde ai Funghi (truffle mushroom pasta)!\
"I visited this restaurant for my husband birthday. This place was packed, the tables were so close to each other, very nosy, you couldn\'92t hear anything.\
The food is just ok, I will give\'92it a 5, and that because the bread was good.\
We both...MoreCiao, \
We are sorry to hear you were not pleased with your experience :( We will most certainly pass this review along to upper management so it can be taken into consideration! In the meantime, we would love to have you back for a chance...More"\
The food here was absolutely delicious. This italian restaurant servers a delicious burger, the pizza was so fresh, the waiter assisted with recommendations, and the pasta mmm mmmm good!!Thank you so much! We are so pleased to hear you thought your meal was delicious :) Join us next time for Brunch to try even more great items!\
"This place is incredibly noisy with very average food. Pizza was certainly no where close to Italian. Service was fine.\
Pasta dish was sent back. Not cooked.\
It was much better a few years ago. Lots of better places to enjoy a family dinner.MoreCiao Richie,\
We are so sorry to hear you were disappointed with your experience this time. We take pride in serving delicious Italian food, and it sounds like we missed the mark. Please feel free to reach out to us so we can do our...More"\
We popped in here for a quick bite while staying in Toronto. Fantastic atmosphere in a fun setting, with a great range of drinks/cocktails. The pizza was truly excellent, and the service was friendly and attentive throughout. Would thoroughly recommend.Ciao Luke, we are pleased to have been a stop on your Toronto trip! Thank you for taking the time to write this review, sounds like it was a hit! We would love to see you again next time you are in town!\
Ok I know this is an Italian restaurant, and they have great pasta and pizza but my favourite is the kale salad. It\'92s the best!We are happy to hear you enjoyed a range of items from our menu. The kale salad (or Cavolo Nero) is one of Gusto 101s's most popular dishes, and for good reason! Can't wait to see you again soon!\
We came here based on a recommendation from a friend.   We got reservations and it was definitely worth while.   The roof top bar was awesome and we had an incredible meal.    Great vibe especially for couples or friends.Ciao, and thank you for joining us! We love to hear about guests experiences, so we thank you as well for taking the time to write a review! Please do join us again soon :)\
We had one night in Toronto as a layover and decided to visit gusto 101 - a restaurant I had visited at least 7 years ago. I remembered it because of the great food, nice rooftop open patio and cool vibe. I\'92m happy to report...MoreWow we are so glad to hear we lived up to your memory from 7 years ago! That's fantastic, we are so happy you decided to join us again! Can't wait to see you again in another few years ;)\
"Spending 2 days sight seeing in Toronto, we strolled past this place one Friday at 2pm ish en route to Graffitti Alley and decided to pop in as there were spaces outside in the sun. Blown away by the quality of the 3 pizzas and...MoreWow! Thank you for the 5 star rating! We are so pleased you chose Gusto 101 for your Toronto dining experience and that it was the best meal you have eaten on Holiday! Please join us again next time you are in town!\
Ciao!"\
"We were a large party that were well-accommodated overall.\
\
We did the nonna sharing-style. Almost everything was excellent. \
\
Was not crazy about the Rigatoni al Funghi. I found it a bit bland, but that could just be a one-off. Everything else was great.\
\
The server...MoreHi there,\
We are sorry to hear about the mix-up with your allergy, we should always be more attentive when it comes to allergies! \
It's great to hear everything worked out in the end and that you enjoyed your Large Group Dining experience!\
Please join...More"\
"This was my second visit to Gusto 101. I had been here before and really enjoyed the vibe.\
\
Was here for lunch and tried two items: Bruschetta and Bucatini Amatriciana. Overall the food was average and here's why.\
\
1. Bruschetta: this was different with mushroom...MoreHi there,\
\
We are sorry to hear you did not have a positive experience at Gusto 101. We will certainly pass your opinion on to the chef to take into consideration. \
\
As for the bread, we do offer a side of our in house bread...More"\
"Gusto has a great outdoors setting (one downstairs and another upstairs) which are really nice when the weather is good.\
The vibe in the place is really nice.. good for the young or the nkre nature, for a date, family outing, or even work meetings...MoreHi there Majd,\
We are pleased to hear you enjoyed your meal! You are right, Gusto 101 is great for any occasion! Thanks for taking the time to write this review, we appreciate it. See you next time!"\
I was visiting Toronto and my sister booked lunch in advance as Gusto is a very popular restaurant along Portland Street.  We were seated on the roof level which was very nice.  Lunch was average at best.  The arugula salad was acceptable but both the...MoreHi there Mags, we are sorry to hear you were not happy with your meal. We would love to have you back next time you are in town to make up for it! Please email us at reservations@gusto54.com next time so we can set something...More\
Enjoyed Gusto, was visiting the city and it exceeded my expectations . It is a great place , it's an old garage with lots of character, and super atmosphere. The charcuterie was outstanding and the Dauvoli pizza was excellent. Certainly a must and a repeat...MoreThat's great to hear Paul, many thanks! Can't wait see you again next time you visit Toronto!\
Had a nice night here with a group of nine friends. You pay per person and it is family style. Multiple dishes and enough food for all of us. The pizza dish is thin crust - nice and fresh, pasta was al dente and steak...MoreWe are always happy to take care of you! And we love hosting larger groups like friends catching up! The $1/oz wine is an awesome option, but we do have a lovely list of Wine available by the bottle for your next visit as well!...More\
"Amazing meal in a great atmosphere. Gusto 101 is an example of what Italian food abroad can be, go with steak or octopus and the meatball pizza!Grazie Alberto! \
We are pleased you enjoyed both the atmosphere and food, like our Octopus and Pizza.\
See you again soon!"\
"Arrived on a busy sunny Saturday evening lovely welcome told there was a wait...took us to bar. The barmen are fantastic creative and understanding of all drinks regardless of being on the list or not. Food was delicious, my sister and dad both had pizzas...MoreHi there Zoe,\
Thank you for your kind words! We are glad to have been able to give you the ""perfect end to your family trip!"" Please do visit us again next time you are in town!"\
"My husband and I finally went and tried this place because our children raved about their mushroom pasta. Aside from course trying out this pasta dish, we also tried their grilled octopus and the mushroom baguette as appetizers and to which we were very disappointed....MoreHi there,\
We are so sorry to hear you don't feel Gusto 101 lived up to the hype. Please accept our apologies, as we do our best to make sure we are consistent and accommodating. That said-- we would love to have you back again...More"\
"A friend from Toronto recommended Gusto 101 and he was spot on!\
\
The atmosphere is great, especially on the buzzing bar terrace. Went for an early dinner on a Thursday and it was already busy and was lucky to find a place at the bar...MoreCiao,\
We are so happy to hear you enjoyed your meal! The Upstairs Terrace is always a great time! We will let chef know how much your enjoyed the Octopus and Scallops!"\
"Was recommended this place by a friend of my brother's while visiting with family and don't regret it one bit! We were seated quickly even though it was a busy Sunday night. Food was wonderful and arrived quickly; the lasagne's one of the best I've...MoreCiao Beth, \
Thank you for taking the time to share this feedback! We're so thrilled to hear we could make it a great visit! We hope to see you soon!"\
"Absolutely delicious food. The pizzas had lots of toppings on delicious thin crust. The pasta was perfect. Atmosphere is very good but very busy. Service was fantastic. Only downside is the rooftop patio is not open until after 6 p.m. So if you want to...MoreCiao Alexia, \
Thank you so much for taking the time to share such a lovely review! We're so happy to hear you enjoyed dining with us and we hope to see you again soon! \
Bonus: our rooftop patio is open all day in the summer!...More"\
"Good dinner for 3. Food was delicious for the most part and highly recommend the mushroom pasta! We arrived without a reservation and were accommodated though the place was busy. Cons: service is a bit slow and it\'92s very loud. Worth a visit if you...MoreCiao, \
Thank you for sharing this feedback with us! We're so thrilled to hear you enjoyed dining with us and we hope to welcome you back soon!"\
"Hip, buzzing Italian restaurant with food served to thumping background beat. Serves wine @ $1 per oz, but dont expect grand cru quality. Sit outside, upstairs on the roof or in the crammed groundfloor. Our waitress went missing in action, on the mobile phone, but...MoreCiao Patrick, \
Thank you so much for taking the time to share you experience with us! Hearing feedback from guests like you allows us to change and grow as a restaurant. We're happy to hear you enjoyed your evening, and we will definitely be bringing...More"\
"$1 per oz.house wine\
$20 colourful plate of grilled octopus\
$18 American burger...top notch everything incl fries...beautifully crispy and greasy\
\
Casual, loud, industrial, open spaceCiao, \
We're glad to hear that you've enjoyed your dining experiences with Gusto! We hope to see you again very soon! \
Best,"\
"Food good, service appalling. By far the least impressive experience in Toronto to date. Waited for drinks and bread which arrived after the starter. When main course was brought the starter plates were not removed and they only removed one and asked us to remove...MoreCiao Peter, \
Thank you for taking the time to reach out and share this feedback with us. At Gusto we believe in the importance of great food combined with great service and it sounds like on this occasion we may have miss the mark, and...More"\
"Enjoyed some amazing food at this place last night.  Everything we ordered was delicious and our server (Conway) was excellent and very helpful.  So I was amazed at how bad the washroom facilities were!  Two of the stall doors did not lock and another one...MoreCiao, \
Thank you so much for reaching out and sharing the feedback with us! We are so happy to hear that you had a great evening! We are very sorry about your feedback about our washrooms and will be bringing this to the attention of...More"\
"Second visit and still good. We had a great Cavolo Caesar Salad followed by the Salsicce Pizza both items were very fresh and tasty. House wine $1 an ounce served by a friendly and efficient server named Lindsay. It is a happening place so the...MoreHi there, \
Thank you so much for taking the time to share this feedback with us! We're so thrilled to hear we could make it a great evening and we hope to see you again very soon! \
Best,"\
"Went here on the recommendation of a family member. The distorted drum and bass soundtrack that ran the whole time was so loud that we had to constantly raise our voices to talk (maybe that's to drive away people with small children... way too loud...MoreCiao Jodie, \
Thank you for taking the time to share this feedback with our team! Our apologies that your dining experience with us was anything less than amazing. We will definitely be bringing your feedback regarding your dishes to our chefs and management team to...More"\
"Loved the atmosphere on the top patio on a warm, summer night. Candles lit, dim lighting... great date spot! The beef carpaccio, mushroom pasta and tiramisu are a must. House wine $1 per oz delicious and a great deal. The hostess and server were both...MoreCiao, \
Thank you for taking the time to share this wonderful feedback! We're so happy to hear we could make it a great evening, and we can't wait to see you again soon! \
Best,"\
"I visited with my family basically to show and the place didn't disappoint. I ordered the Cavolfiori because its amazing and its one of the only vegan things on the menu. We were sat upstairs this time which was a little more cold and uncomfortable...MoreHi Andrew,\
Thank you for taking the time to let us know! We are so glad you enjoyed the Cavolfiori just as much the second time around :)"\
"The most friendly staff served an excellent meal in great surroundings. Service was well-paced and the quality of the food was excellent. I\'92ll definitely be back and highly recommend this restaurant.Ciao Dario,\
\
Thank you for taking the time to write this review, we are so pleased you enjoyed Gusto 101! How great is it when great service and excellent food come together?? \
\
Hope to see you again soon!"\
"The food is great, though on weekends they do brunch until very late in the afternoon. Great service and if the weather is nice, definitely recommend the patio!Ciao Ashley,\
Thanks for taking the time to let us know how much you enjoyed your Brunch at Gusto 101! We can't wait to see you again!"\
Went with the family for dinner but felt like it wasn't very family friendly.  The pizza and pastas were very good but my wife's salad had a lot to be desired.  Everything is fresh and homemade but I still think it was overpriced for what...More\
When your server at Gusto 101 asks if you'd like bread for the table be sure to ask how much? In the majority of restaurants we've dined in, the bread is complimentary. Gusto is the rare exception, they charge an extra $5.99. Given the price...More\
"Gusto 101 has a great ambiance. The waiters are always nice.\
The place is always packed so make a reservation or be prepared to wait for a table, but it is worth it. The food is great, and they have this grilled Brussels sprouts that...MoreCiao Lorenzo, \
Thank you for taking the time to reach out! We always love hearing great feedback from our guests! We hope to see you again very soon. \
Best,"\
"Was recommended this spot by a bartender at the Ritz. What a great recommendation! The mushroom pasta was to die for and we loved he atmosphere. Amazing food and drinks, thanks so much!Ciao! \
Grazie for the awesome review! We are so glad you think the mushroom pasta was to die for. See you soon!"\
"Great atmosphere. Really good and very quirky decor and surroundings. Would love to visit in the summer to experience the roof terrace. Quick service and delicious foodCiao Lee, \
Thank you for taking the time to write such a lovely review! We look forward to hosting you again very soon. \
Grazie!"\
"The restaurant has personnel greeting and seating arrangements. The service and food quality is exceptional. It is recommended to book a table for dinner time.Ciao,\
Thank you for taking the time to review us. We are happy you think the service and food were exceptional! Can't wait to have you back!"\
"If you enjoy mushroom, Go for the yummy truffle cream sauce in the mafalde ai funghi! And don\'92t be too surprised with the restroom arrangement... you\'92ll see when you get there! My dolci was tiramisu but was not as put together as I had liked,...MoreThanks for the review Lyon! The mafalde is one of our favorites! Sorry we missed the mark on the tiramisu this time. \
\
Sometimes guests are surprised by our washrooms. I understand why you may have been, as they are unisex. They are made to be...More"\
"Loved the ambiance of this restaurant. I was really excited as I entered. It definitely had a buzz. I ordered their mushroom paste dish and thought I'd try their house wine. The wine was awful. My fault. Will not do that again. However I was...MoreHi Shirley\
\
We are happy to hear you enjoyed the ambiance of Gusto 101! Sorry to hear that our mafalde and wine did not meet your expectations this time :( \
Hope to have you back again soon so you can give us another chance to...More"\
"We have lost the number of times we have rushed to get there by 6 to grab our favorite stools at the bar and enjoy conversation with bartenders and patrons... \
\
Unfortunately this time the place was busy as usual and for good reason,  we where...MoreCiao, \
\
Thank you so much for amazing review! We are so glad you enjoy coming to Gusto 101 and always have a consistently awesome experience.  We look forward to seeing you soon again!"\
"LPT: go a little before six and get a reservation to eat upstairs. Food amazing. View amazing. Go with friends, family, or a date. Mostly 20-40 crowd.Ciao, \
\
Thank you so much for your review! We are so glad to hear that you enjoyed your meal with us. We look forward to hosting you soon again!"\
"It was my first time meeting my son on his lunch hour.\
\
My son and I came here on a Friday afternoon for lunch.  we had a time limit as my son had to get back to work.   This place is BUSY at lunch for...MoreCiao, \
\
Thank you so much for taking the time to write this amazing review. We appreciate guests like yourself sharing their experiences with us! We are so delighted to hear you enjoyed the atmosphere of Gusto 101, as well as our $1 an oz wine....More"\
"We recently had an amazing dinner experience and impromptu family reunion at Gusto 101 in Toronto. \
\
With an fantastic atmosphere and decor you are immediately set up for a lovely evening.  Our server was amazing and so accommodating to our growing numbers. \
\
Then the food...MoreCiao,\
\
Thank you for your wonderful feedback! We are so amazed to hear that you choose Gusto 101 for your family reunion. We are also thrilled to hear that you enjoyed our pasta and many delightful dishes and our staff was able to assist your...More"\
"Gusto 121 is \'93going off\'94 in popularity for because it nails what folks are looking for. The room is comfortable with high ceilings, thoughtful art placement and great lighting. It\'92s loud yes and best for and upbeat night out rather than a romantic one.\
Food...MoreCiao,\
Wow! It is customers like yourselves makes us strive more and more for excellence in every area of our restaurant. We are so glad that our staff made your experience exceptional and we deeply appreciate your reccomdations. We look forward to hosting you soon...More"\
"Hi everyone, \
\
This was my first time eating at Gusto with my family. We were at church and decided to go for some late lunch. Being in Toronto and on the weekend we didn't realize the menu was only brunch: pizza and eggs. Although my...MoreCiao,\
\
Thank you so much for your review- we really do appreciate it! We thank you for your recommendation We look forward to host you soon again!"\
"Me and my partner happened to dine at this restaurant a while back as we where coming back from a walk down town.\
The place itself looks really nice and that must be said, but the food definetely does not live up to the standards....MoreCiao Alessia, \
Thank you for taking the time to share this feedback with us, we truly appreciate hearing about all our guests' experiences. Our sincere apologies that your dishes were not up to our usual Gusto standards. Our goal is to provide our guests with...More"\
"This is one of my favourite restaurants but the last couple of times we\'92ve had  unusually poor service. I had friends visiting and we opted to go here for lunch - on the weekends they only serve brunch during the day - we don\'92t all...MoreCiao Paige,\
Thank you for taking the time to share this feedback with us! It is a priority of ours to provide friendly, attentive service, and it sounds like we may have missed the mark. We will definitely be taking that feedback to our management...More"\
"Buzzing place. Same menu as Nervosa, is a chain. We had the kale salad as starter, very fresh. Pizza Spinaze was ok, could have been hotter. Carpaccio good. Pasta portions on the small side. It is ok, nice to have been here. But the food...MoreCiao Frans, \
Thank you for taking the time to share this feedback with us, we truly appreciate hearing back from our guests. In terms of the quality of your dishes, we definitely will be bringing this feedback to our chefs and management team. We pride...More"\
"This place had a great feel to it. The staff were friendly, knowledgeable and friendly. The food was fantastic although the portions a bit small. I wasn't impressed with the cocktails, the two we had tasted soapy to me. But that might just have been...MoreCiao,\
Thank you so much for your feedback! We are thrilled to hear you enjoyed our friendly staff and dishes! We apologize that the cocktails you had were anything less then perfection. I will be sure to take your comments to our Bar Manager to...More"\
"Casual atmosphere filled with rewarding energy. Service was patient, attentive and well delivered. The food was excellent. Compliments to the staff and chefs. A place to find.\
Best to call for a reservation.Ciao Gregory,\
\
Thank you so much for your lovely feedback! We are so happy to hear that you enjoyed our service, atmosphere and our delighted dishes.We look foward to hosting you again!\
\
Grazie!"\
"We weren't able to make reservations, so we went hoping for the best. They said it was a 1.5 hour wait, so we decided to do it and wander around in the meantime, since they would text us when a table was ready. Luckily, there...MoreCiao, \
Thank you so much for taking the time to share this feedback! We are so thrilled to hear it was a great evening for yourself and your partner. We hope to welcome you back very soon. \
Grazie!"\
"This was my second visit and I was disappointed.  Overpriced in that the portion sizes were smaller than expected. I had the Sunday feature (lasagne) and the portion was on the small side and the pasta only luke warm. Tasty, but left me wanting. My...MoreCiao Phil, \
Thank you so much for taking the time to share this feedback. We truly appreciate hearing back from our guests so we can improve upon future service. So we can speak with you further please send a quick email to reservations@gusto54.com whenever you...More"\
"This was my second visit to Gusto 101 and was not disappointed. Nice casual atmosphere, good food, nice wines and not too expensive. We sat at the Chef\'92s bar and were quite entertained watching the workings of a well run restaurant kitchen. Highly recommend for...MoreCiao Colleen, \
Thank you for taking the time to share this review. We are happy to hear we could make it a great second visit! We look forward to welcoming you back for a third. \
Grazie!"\
"Consistently great food.  Kale salad and Mushroom pasta are a must!   beautiful setting.  great prices.  big spot so you're able to get a table.Ciao Laura, \
Thank you for taking the time to write such a great review! We are so thrilled to hear we could consistently host great experiences for yourself. We hope to welcome you back very soon. \
Grazie!"\
"This is a unique place, with an old garage feel. The food is very good and they offer nice gluten free options.\
They have a nice bar with a lot of italian aperitifs options.\
It gets very busy!Ciao,\
\
Thank you for taking the time to share this feedback! We are thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your gluten free meal and our environment.We are looking foward to hosting you again.\
\
Grazie!"\
"The place is beautiful. We ordered a capacious that was incredibly good. So far, so good.\
\
Everything went down the hill in the entr\'e9es. The Ravioli were just about half a dozen and the shrimp pasta had more parsley then everything else. The food was...MoreCiao,\
\
Thank you for taking the time to share this review! We are thrilled to hear that you enjoyed our beautiful space and appetizer dish.We are always looking for ways to improve our restaurant and service, and we will defenitly get back to our chef...More"\
"I absolutely love eating at Gusto 101! We had a celebratory dinner there after our wedding, and we've taken lots of people there for special occasions. The kale salad is incredible, and i love the pizza and pasta. The atmosphere is very vibrant and hip,...MoreCiao, \
Thank you so much for taking the time to share such great feedback! We are always happy to hear when we make a guest's favourite list! We look forward to welcoming you back very soon! \
Grazie,"\
"Was with a largish group and we ordered a lot of different things with broad smiles all the way around.  Can definitely see us coming back.  We also enjoyed the wine.  It was packed and I think they either didn't take same-day reservations or maybe...MoreCiao,\
\
Thank you for your response! I'm so glad that you and your guests were able to enjoy ours variety of dishes especially our vegetarian plates.We look foward to hosting you for another occasion.\
\
Grazie!"\
"Very noisy place with school cafeteria like atmosphere. Two of our top choices of wine was not available. Portions of food were very small. Pumpkin ravioli was nothing but six pieces of frozen pasta with olive oil. Pizza was soggy perhaps prepared long time ago...MoreCiao, \
Thank you for taking the time to share this feedback. We truly appreciate hear about all our guest's experiences. Our sincere apologies that we couldn't make it a special evening for you. We would really appreciate it if you could send us a quick...More"\
"One of my favorite places to eat pizza. I've tried different kinds and they are all very. The place gets very busy in the evening and there is usually a wait but it's worth it. Atmosphere is nice, busy. The service is good. Nice decor...MoreCiao, \
Thank you for taking the time to write such a great review! We are thrilled to hear how much you enjoy dining with us! We look forward to welcoming you back very soon. \
Grazie,"\
"Dinner at Gusto was awesome! Arancini for app was very crunchy and flavouful. We had the Mafalde mushroom dish... Really really good. Ravioli was also very good. Shared a spinach pizza- that spinach on it was really nice. Tiramisu is good as well. The atmosphere...MoreCiao, \
Thank you for taking the time to write such a great review! We are so pleased to hear how much you enjoyed your dishes! We look forward to making your next visit as memorable! \
Grazie"\
"I really liked the atmosphere, service & specially the food!  I guess the Mafalde ai Funghi pasta is the most delicious pasta I've ever had in my life!MoreCiao Mana, \
Thank you for taking the time to share this feedback! We love to hear our guests love for the Maflade ai Funghi and we are so thrilled you enjoyed other aspects of your evening as well! We hope to welcome you back very...More"\
"Came here on a Saturday night. We didn't have reservations and the restaurant was very busy. The hostess took our cell number and told us it will be about 1 to 1.5 hours. We figured we would go for a drink somewhere while we waited...MoreCiao Alain, \
Thank you for taking the time to write such a great review! We are so thrilled to hear we could host a great evening for yourself. I will definitely be passing this on to our management team, as we love hearing such positive...More"\
"We visited this restaurant at around 7.30 on a Thursday evening. The restaurant was busy, and we took seats by the bar. \
\
The food was great - I had the home made ravioli, and my husband had the beef burger. However, the restaurant was too...MoreCiao, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this feedback. Our apolgies that the noise distracted from what sounds like an otherwise great evening. In the future, the upstairs rootop patio can be a bit quieter and it is a beautiful area! Thank you...More"\
"Ok. An old school tool chest serves as the hostess stand. There are vintage automotive signs and contraptions strewn about the space.  The bartenders look like something out of a GQ mag.  All of the staff comes across as if they all go to an...MoreCiao Mike, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this review. We are so pleased to hear when a guest enjoys the atmosphere as much as the food! We hope to welcome you back very soon. \
Grazie"\
"Really cute place was formally a garage.  Had a reservation and were seated promptly.\
Service was great and very attentive- it got very busy fast.  We sat outside on the patio\
Which was perfect.  Excellent cocktails - loved the mushroom bruschetta.  Pasta dishes \
Were very...MoreCiao Rene, \
Thank you for taking the time to share this review! We are thrilled we could host a lovely evening for you! We would love to welcome you back anytime, \
Grazie!"\
"Went here on a Tuesday night about 630 with group of three. Got right in, but the place quickly got busy and filled up.  The service was a bit slow but we didn't mind as we were there to socialize as well. Overall the food...MoreCiao David, \
Thank you for taking the time to share this review! We are happy to hear it was a pleasant evening for yourself and your guests and we look forward to hosting you again very soon! \
Grazie"\
"Stumbled upon this place. Quaint. Great menu. Packed on a Friday night without a Rez. \
\
We were seated at the kitchen bar. Simple rustic menu. Started with a basket of bread and olive oil. Nice wine was coupled with my meal - mushroom pasta. Delicious...MoreCiao, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this review! We are so pleased you happened to wonder in and we are thrilled to hear you enjoyed your evening! We hope to welcome you back anytime, \
Grazie"\
"Arriving at Gusto101 my cousins and I were quiet excited for a nice Italian brunch. We were hoping for a lunch & dinner menu but they were only serving brunch on a Sunday afternoon. Luckily, pizza was included on the brunch menu and being an...MoreCiao Lindsay, \
Thank you for taking the time to share this review. We are so pleased we coud host a great brunch fr yourself and your cousins! We look forward to welcoming you back soon to try our dinner menu. \
Grazie"\
"Went for dinner and ended up sitting at the bar until a table on the patio was available. Definitely worth the wait, as the patio was beautiful and the food was delicious. If you go in the summer the sangria was divine. Always a hip...MoreCiao Melissa, \
Than you for taking the time to write this review! We are thrilled to hear you enjoyed dining with us and look forward to welcoming you back soon! \
Grazie"\
"Gusto is my go to for yummy food and a nice atmosphere.They also do great specials on the wine and it is always good!!\
Patio is awesome in summer !!\
Always great service and tasty food options.Perfect for a date night ,birthday or just out...MoreCiao, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this feedback! We are thrilled to hear that we are your go-to! Although we can get a little busy we do always do our best to accomodate all groups families included! Thank you again for taking...More"\
"Was given this place as a recommendation for dinner and I was not disappointed. Arrived fairly early on a Monday evening with a couple of business associates and the place was full. We were told it would be about a 45 min wait but it...MoreCiao Don, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this feedback! We are so glad we could make it a great evening for yourself and your associates! We look forward to welcoming you back anytime. \
Grazie"\
"Arrived and people were already waiting out in the street. The place is buzzing. Great setup, very busy, good honest food. Staff said we were lucky to get in, but I made reservation online 3 weeks ago back in UK. Glad I didCiao Nigel, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this review! We are thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your evening and we hope to welcome you back soon! \
Grazie"\
"The food, service and atmosphere are all wonderful. The grilled octopus and kale Caesar salad are a must. The pizzas are great too.Ciao, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this review! We are thrilled to hear you enjoyed dining with us and we look forward to welcoming you back anytime! \
Grazie"\
I generally dine at Gusto once a week, but twice this week. The first night I had the steelhead trout, a fish dish that could not have been better. The trout came with grilled zucchini, fresh peas, sea asparagus, squid ink fregola, mint, garlic chips...More\
"... you want to go hungry.  The kale (cavolo nero) salad for $14.99 is ridiculously small for an entr\'e9e.  Its size would be best suited for an appetizer.  Overall poor value.MoreCiao, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this review. We value all feedback we receive from our guests and we will definitely take this into consideration moving forward. We hope you decide to join us again to try some of our great dishes....More"\
"Recommended to us by my wife's friend who's a food blogger.  Really very cool re-working of an old garage, retaining some of the elements of the original building.  The upper floor is like a greenhouse (all glass).  Food was nicely presented, good flavours.  Nothing that...MoreCiao, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this review! We are always happy to hear from our guests about their experience at Gusto! We are glad you generally enjoyed dining with us and we do hope you choose to return as we would...More"\
"From the ambiance,  to the food to the wine/cocktail list, to the service I'm  ever disappointed. We started at the bar with Ian and Jordan - great bartenders - very friendly yet those guys hustle hard to keep a busy room happy! Food is excellent...MoreCiao Paige, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this feedback! We are always so happy to hear positive feedback from our guests and I will definitley"\
"I am not a lover of kale or anything made with kale, but the kale salad at Gusto101 changed my mind. So good, not too bitter. Their pasta is also out of this world. Love the ambience. It does get very busy though, so keep...MoreCiao Pamela, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this review! We are thrilled to hear how much you enjoy dining with us! We look forward to welcoming you back very soon! \
Grazie"\
"I visited this restaurant on the recommendation of my friend. It\'92s easy to miss due to the industrial-looking building, but it\'92s definitely busy. The pasta was cooked perfectly, and the sauce has, in my opinion, the perfect level of heat. In addition, I could taste...MoreCiao! \
Thank you so much for taking the time to write such lovely feedback. We can get quite busy at times, being located in the heart of downtown Toronto, but I am happy to hear you didn't have any trouble finding a table! Overall, we...More"\
"Went on a Wednesday night and was lucky to get seated, but within minutes, the line was out the door.  I heard the wait was over an hour for an upstairs table.  Upstairs is where you want to be in nice weather;  downstairs looks fabulous...MoreCiao, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this feedback! Our apologies that your experience at Gusto was anything less than amazing. If you could provide a few more details in regards to your service and meal that you didn't like, it would be...More"\
"Went on a busy Friday night so there were plenty of customers. Was seated quite quickly but ended waiting an extremely long time for food. I ordered the Calamarata, which had incredibly fresh tomato flavours and the shrimp used was spot on. The portion size...MoreCiao Stanley, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this feedback. Our apologies that your experience was not as we would have hoped. I will definiltey be sending this information back to our managers so we can take it into consideration and serve yourself...More"\
"Good Italian spot that can get very busy. The mushroom pasta is a must when you visit. A tad on the pricey side but overall it's worth it!Ciao, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this feedback! We are thrilled to hear you enjoyed your dish and appreciate the recommendation! We look forward to welcoming you back very soon. \
Grazie"\
Went there and made reservations online which was fine.  Added it was our special anniversary and wanted a nice table in an area I liked, but I guess they missed that part.  Not a big deal. I have been there may times and loved the...More\
came on a weds with a group of 10. we made reservations, and they made it seemed like we'd lose the reservation if we were even a min late, but it turned out to be pretty much empty upstairs. heard it used to be long...MoreCiao - Thank you so much for taking the time to tell us about your experience at Gusto 101! I am sorry to hear your food took a little longer than expected, but glad that you were thrilled by the taste once it did it...More\
"We happened across this trendy spot on a walk down Portland and stopped by for a quick lunch. It happened to be my Girlfriends birthday and the server (Steve) must have heard us talking because he went out of his way to wish her a...MoreCiao, \
Thank you so much for taking the time to write this review. We are so happy to hear that we could make your birthday afternoon a special one! I will definitely be passing this great feedback on to Steve. We look forward to welcoming...More"\
"Walked in after a matinee at the theatre and we were seated quickly. Fascinating to watch the action in the kitchen. Great service  and excellent food.Ciao, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this feedback. We are always to hear about positive guest experiences! We hope to welcome you back in the future! \
Grazie"\
"I had checked but Gusto101 doesn't take reservations for parties of 2, so it could have been a very long wait for us. Fortunately, there was one table outside that was on a slight slant. They don't offer that table to people who have been...MoreCiao Ellen, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this feedback. We apologize about the long wait as it does get quite busy at times! In terms of our reservations, we are more than happy to accept reservations for smaller groups (1-8 people) as...More"\
"Went with a friend and sat on the patio which was very nice. Service was okay but a bit slow - our server kept disappearing for large portions of time. The sauce on the margarita pizza was delicious! Overall the experience was pretty good and...MoreCiao - \
\
Thank you so much for taking the time to write us this review! We love hearing from our guests. We are thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your experience, and we definitely hope to see you again soon!"\
"Promply seated, Server offered water then disappeared. After 15 minutes had to ask for service and waited another 5 before he returned. Enjoyed our drinks however. Nice restaurant and outdoor patio, though small, is well and casually layed out. Our Pizza and pasta arrived cold,...MoreCiao! \
Thank you for taking the time to write this feedback. At Gusto 101, we do our best to ensure that all our guests enjoy their time dining with us and it sounds like that was not your experience, so our apologies. I will be...More"\
"Great atmosphere, great decor. The food was excellent and service was good also. Not a family place though. We are upstairs at the bar too tables. Very cool open area. The crowd is mostly 20-30 age upstairs. Lots friends and couples having dinner. Only downside...MoreCiao Tim, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this feedback, as we love hearing about guest experiences! We are happy to hear you enjoyed the ambiance at Gusto 101 as well as our dishes. We do look to accommodate different groups, including families!...More"\
"We had dinner here after the blue Jays game. It's a very cool and happening spot. Tables are tight together but that added to the fun. I had the Diavola pizza which was amazing. My wife had the spinach pizza.Ciao!\
\
Thank you for taking the time to write your review and choosing us to be part of your date night! We look forward to hosting you soon!"\
"My husband and I visited Toronto for the weekend (to see U2 in concert, actually) and stopped by this restaurant to have lunch. It did not disappoint. I ordered an escarole salad and my husband ordered the mushroom pasta (can't remember the actual name). It...MoreCiao! \
\
Thank you for your lovely review and thank you for choosing us to be part of your awesome weekend! We are so happy to hear that you and your husband had a great experience! We look forward to hosting you soon, perhaprs with your...More"\
"Had dinner here with a group of friends.  We all loved our food.  Cool atmosphere and excellent service.  Vegan options.   Interesting cocktail selection.  Very busy and popular place.Ciao!\
\
Thank you so much for your lovely review. It means a lot to us to hear about your great experience at Gusto 101! We look forward to hosting you soon!"\
"Pretty cool spot, with a garage theme. Simple menu for Saturday brunch with tasty pizzas for those wanting something my lunchy than brunchy. Definitely more wine could be added to the $42 pitcher of Sangria. I will say charging an extra $3.50 when I asked...MoreCiao!\
Thank you for taking the time to write your review. It important for us to hear feedback from our customer to always continue to improve our customer experience. I will take  your comments to our chef and General Manager for further discussion. Thank you...More"\
"Nice atmosphere and good friendly service.  They have main dishes, but really a pasta and pizza place.  Beer is reasonably priced, but signature drinks like an Old Fashion are $15+ each, not cheap.  Food was very good we mostly had various pizzas and everyone enjoyed...MoreCiao, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this review, as we love to hear feedback from our guests! We are happy to hear that yourself and your party enjoyed their overall experience. On Fridays, especially during the warmer months our restaurant can be...More"\
"This is a fun place with a great vibe owing to it's location in the center of downtown TO. You could get better Italian food for about the same price range but this place scores on location and atmosphere. Best for the younger set just...MoreCiao, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this feedback! We are glad to hear that you enjoyed the atmosphere. Our apologies that the food was not up to our usual Gusto 101 standards. If you have the time, I encourage you to let...More"\
"Visited here with a group in the summer. Appetizers were ordered family style: amazing Kale Cavalo  Nero salad, burratta and balsamic plate. Lovely and loud atmosphere the night our group dined. Fun!Ciao Annie, \
Thank you for taking the time to write this review. We are thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your overall experience and we hope to welcome you back soon! \
Thank you again for taking the time."}